Oh
Did you like my misdirection everyone's like why is float playing down and I was like sorry guys I farted
What told me took the whole server down it was so explosive
Jonathan Jonathan's in the hospital from smoke inhalation now. It was it was very damaging smoke inhalation. Yeah
That's what happens when you let an explosive one just rip
We give people actual information no
Cool let's get this show started cuz Luke's got a thing he's got to go to yeah, I am going to resume the selected
Oh, we're just okay
Oh
You
I
Is this on us this is related it shouldn't be
You
You know what I think I know what it is
I'm gonna do a thing do not show my screen
This is a good idea
Oh wait
By the way, I I don't know if you see my screen when I do this
But everyone's while I type it out if he's typing in a password you should try to mute his mic
No, that wasn't it
Hmm
Could it be something to do with this it really shouldn't be but like
Oh boy, yeah, that's truly awful
Why is nothing ever easy
Yeah, I can't repause the selected either it's just a gray spinning arrow forever. Oh
But it might be related to a thing that happened not that we did though
That might have caused the back-end error
We never had it happen before but it could be
Because like the live streaming stuff should be completely detached, so it's like actually weird
No, not yet. Is there any way for us to stream to two separate stream keys? Well, then why don't we just do that?
So we start what just fire up another instance of OBS and then streamed
You and me and you and you
Do we need to entertain you streaming baby?
Do we need to get the thing over logged in for him so he can see all the keys you have them all
I
Directly to YouTube we need direct to float. No, we don't need direct to float plane
Yeah, oh, it just won't I just can't I just can't change settings. Ah
So that seems like us no
Or wait. Yeah, no, I don't know then
Yeah, I don't know what to tell you. So yeah, let's just activate YouTube separately. Yeah
How do you know my password legendary skate?
You're gonna have to tell me when it's going our wait. No, I can refresh the YouTube studio to see when it goes live
The pause that lasted a millennium
I
Mean you let me know
What is up bells and W's and welcome to the WAN show we've got a great show lined up for you guys today
Lots of great topics actually including
What discord?
Discord is taking away the four digit numbers at the end of username
How could they do this? You can't be Luke number
8,600 and you know 42 I was Luke
001 and they took it away from me. No way. I have no idea why
They must have given it to a more important Luke probably. Yeah, rude probably Luke Wilson
In other news EA is blaming gamers for using hard high-end hardware on Windows 10
For Star Wars Jedi survivor performance issues, we're gonna be getting into that. What else we got today
That's the one I wanted to talk about and you got wrecked the pixel fold
Was officially announced after you know, just like every other pixel device. It was leaked to every wow
It's a folding phone. That's a man that wants to replace his phone
Also OBS adds AV one for YouTube live streams, which is actually huge. We'll talk about that actually huge
Not huge, but like we're lying to you huge actually huge huge
The show is brought to you today by Hot Wheels Rift Rally Zoho one and
Squarespace
Why don't we jump right into our headline topic, which I completely forget what it is right discord. Ah, I have to change my name
Yeah, me too. I guess this is written. I
Okay, let's go through the facts
frenzy, okay the our original article here is from the Verge, but also from discord themselves
This is not fake news discord usernames will be evolving
So instead of 5i and hashtag eight nine three six Oh Phoebe probably pretty sure now we're gonna be Phoebe
Handle at Phoebe is cool because you are obviously not going to get at Phoebe
Which I think the idea here is that it's gonna make usernames easier to share
But we know from
Experience right the people just camp them and stuff every creators name is just gonna be gone
Yeah, up to literally thousands of numbers after it
I mean I learned this way back when having a good at hotmail calm email address was a mark of being kind of cool and with it
Oh, yeah, I
Was cool with it and
Then the same thing happened with Gmail and then the same thing happened with Twitter and now they're saying
That seems like a good system. Let's follow those. We solved that before but let's unsolve it
Let's go back to the just at and a string of characters
So in theory I kind of see where they're coming from because as a brand new user
There are certain aspects of discord in user interface and user experience. He struggles with it so much
You can literally barely use discord
It's actually very weird because you're usually very good and nimble in different user interfaces
Then you hit discord is just like
There are certain things I do find incredibly confusing like the fact that all of your individual chats are
Like mixed in with the servers and stuff
Yeah, it took me a little while to kind of wrap my brain around it
But you haven't seen me try to use discord in quite some time. I'm fairly proficient these days
Okay, okay, and one of the things that was a little bit confusing for me was the the the hashtag numbers because I didn't
Coming into it completely cold not looking at but how to discord
Guide and not really having anyone show me how I was just sitting there trying to like set it up because I think the
Maybe you need a tech tip. No, I think the reason I got it first was because we added a discord
Like Jake created the LTT discord and I was like, okay
Well, I should probably finally use this have an account or something
I hadn't really I hadn't really
Gamed with friends in a very long time like since I used mumble with my group of friends. So
Okay, this new fangled
When the kids were quite young you were pretty. Oh, yeah, they were they weren't touching it yet
Yeah, and you were offline. Yeah, I showed them how to use discord like that was that came way later
Yeah, and so this this hashtag number thing was
Actually a little bit confusing and unless you're copy pasting
It's a little bit harder to remember
I mean obviously it's not nearly as hard as remembering your icq number back in the day
Yeah, fair enough, but like I don't know my numbers on discord
But then here's the thing if the intent here is to make things more shareable make them easier to understand
We know that users are gonna fill their their ads with special characters and with numbers anyway
And we know that remembering a four-digit number is not actually a huge problem
And you can individually change your nickname on every server in every chat anyways
I mean look just knowing someone's name isn't gonna matter a phone numbers here in the lower mainland used to be seven numbers
Do you know your first seven-digit phone number that you ever had like your home phone? Yes?
Addresses street addresses are five numeric digits here. Do you remember the four to five number? Okay. Yeah
This is not a huge problem
and
Okay, again, I haven't even gone through the facts here, but one of the things that I've seen at least
Speculated we'll get into facts in a second for now. I'm just angry
I'm not even angry. It just I'm just
Like why yeah, yeah, I'm just I'm asking why
And so one of the what what's what's a fact here is that it's not that hard
And it's not an unreasonable expectation
And it's not a new thing to expect people to remember a four-digit number and that's
Perfectly fine. And so the fact that you're now changing it is gonna. So a lot of discord
Very good
Seemingly in the name of making it more user-friendly in a way that quite honestly if I go back even further
Well as a non-user of the at system
I found extremely confusing when I first got set up on Twitter. I
Would whenever I would read a tweet
I would read the the at symbol as at so when I'm so I'm reading along and it's like
Hey at Luke. I something something so that's how I that's how I would read it. I
Came into Twitter pretty late as well
Anyway, let's let's see. Let's see. Let's see what their rationale is really. Oh, yeah, super late. I
Basically ignored it. I was like, ah, I don't feel like dealing with wasn't wasn't you were definitely on Twitter in 2012
Yes, because our first our first
Back-and-forth direct message interaction is hilarious. Oh
I don't remember this. Don't don't read it. Why read it later? Okay, sure. I
Don't know a joint November
When did Twitter start
Whoa, right. Okay, but did like anyone use it? Yeah for sure. All right. Yeah
So it's it's really funny because I think the only reason I started Twitter. Yeah, and the timing seems about right
2011 yeah, it would have been when the when the LTT channel was starting to kind of gain some momentum
And I was looking at it going like oh, I should probably have some kind of presence online other than this
And it was probably around the time that NCIX was starting to build up a Twitter presence because all of a sudden companies
Being on social media was a thing so that you could respond to people, you know
Generating hate storms complaining about you and that sort of thing which is still what it's used for today, which is fantastic
Okay, so let's go through the facts here now that I've talked through how sort of flabbergasting I'm finding this
I don't know if that's a word discord has announced it will be changing its current username system
Which uses a four-digit tag to differentiate users with the same name
This likely means that many users will have to change their user names due to possible duplication and
Okay, in fairness. This is another thing that is a little bit confusing about the four-digit
numbers is that
when you are searching for someone if you don't have their digits it can bring up a lot of garbage results and
That's that's valid
The company will prioritize long-time users in line for name changes and users will still be able to use a non
Unique screen name in addition to their username
Discord noted that while the original system was created to allow users to use whatever name they wanted the tag system was often
Too complicated or obscure to remember causing confusion and unnecessarily difficult unnecessary
difficulty finding other users
Now this is huge. This is a really important note in our notes here, of course
Many current discord users do not necessarily want to be easy to find
this is
So huge in on the on the one hand
I can see how people having mr. Beast
Hashtag
Whatever random numbers can lead to impersonation on the platform
I can see how that would be a concern on the other hand for the real mr.
Beast if he just wants his discord username to be mr. Beast and
Not really worry about people finding him that easily
then he can just be missed at mr. Beast and
Only people who know the correct four digits are going to be able to add him unless they want to just try to add every mr.
Beast and I can tell you if you randomly add Jimmy on discord
He's not gonna add you in fact. I think I had to ping him like three or four times via other means
Another reason for the change is to make discord's username system more similar to what users are already familiar with
Namely from other social networks, especially Twitter
So our discussion question here because I think I've done all the talking and Luke has
Not really contributed his thoughts too much is notable is the advantage of becoming more like other social platforms here
Is this just them chasing?
broader user base so that they can continue justifying outside investment by showing growth or what are we looking at here exactly I
Think honestly, ooh
What would you do with discord if you owned discord
I would figure out how to just make it profitable month over month and I would enjoy just
Being the top voice chat thing for gamers and a lot of non gamers on the entire internet
I think that if I had to try to expand outside of the gaming crowd
There is there are much lower-hanging fruit or rather much more important steps that I could take than changing our username system
And what I would probably want to do is I would probably want to fork the platform
So I would take I would take discord as it is and then I would leave it pretty much as it is with
Meme loading screens and silly cute little pig characters or whatever they are
And I would I would leave a well-established username system
You know all the all the cool things that are great about discord streamer mode stuff like that
I would leave that exactly as it is and then I would take all of the underlying code all the back end and I would
re-skin it as
discord pro or probably just something else entirely and I'd create a professional product that is more designed for
You know getting your grandma set up on so something a little bit more streamlined where I would I would borrow from you know
Maybe the earlier days of of skype for example in terms of functionality and in terms of interface
But have the whole thing run on the same back on the same back end because they've done a great job
Discord is almost never down
Right the voice quality is really good considering that it's a free service
That's another thing is when I create my my premium or my professional product or whatever else it is
You know, I'd want to figure out how to make it paid in some way. I'd want to try and generate revenue from it
but like
Man that the way that you can screen share on discord just with very low latency
Super cool. I mean it'd be great for all kinds of other uses be it business meetings or calling overseas relatives or wherever
It's just a great voice. I honestly find it a lot more
Generally usable than something like Slack or teams, but it lacks some specific like team-based
features so like yeah, if they had more of a bit of a feature rollout for
Mostly managing users sure in a corporate sense, but other than that like the channel creation
I prefer discord's channel creation
And category creation compared to teams or so yeah by a lot. Yep
Like okay, so you're you're upset about teams on Slack. I can't create categories for people
Really? I can I can make private channels so they don't see them and then I can invite specific teams or specific people to the private
Channels so other than that tedious for no reason. Yes, so as an admin you can't just say hey, hey
I've organized everything on front end. I put you all in here
So you can't do a certain degree if you make like every single channel private
Yeah, and then you only invite certain teams right if you just want to have the channels and it's just in a channel list
And then you want to go okay you you and you you you and you then no matter what?
It's just a category called channels
and it's all the dump of all the channels that you're in and then you as the individual user need to create categories and
Sort them like that. Maybe someone has found a way around this the last time
The last time that I
Tried to figure this out the official answer online was like yeah, it's up to the individual user
It's great. Everyone can organize it the way they want. I'm like no no no one has ever asked for that
Well, no users might the problem is and I'm sure that Luke and Dan can speak to this
Users will not organize it well. Yeah, they will do it wrong
No offense users, but I know that you guys have experienced people coming up with their own systems for organizing passwords
For example as you've been going through and doing the audit
Did they do a good job?
No
Not even slightly there's so it's actually stunning like
How many individual days go by where there is at least one thing that we find that is just like
Holy crap
How did this possibly happen
It's it's kind of it's kind of wild and we love our team world-class. I feel world class
I feel and I could be completely wrong and maybe I'm a big dumb dumb. I feel like it's a PM
That's just trying to make a splash
Really the dislike thing. What's the point? Hmm. Does anyone really complain about the numbers? I
I
Found it confusing at first and they did say there the argument that I saw I don't know if it was technically from them or not
So I shouldn't say they did say
But the argument that I saw was that they are trying to fall in line with the average setup that other platforms do which seems mostly
True that is mostly what other platforms do right? I think sort of I don't think Facebook has an app and
And Facebook is yeah, like an app username. Okay to be completely honest
I didn't even realize they were adding the app at the front. Yeah, that is weird
I meant like the the number system after the name. Yeah, that's odd seems completely unnecessary. Yeah
Man displaying that all the time is just gonna look so stupid
It looks stupid on Twitter. It always looked stupid on Twitter. We just got used to it
So we're adopting an arbitrary
meaningless
symbol thing
To replace our arbitrary
Meaningless number thing that goes along with your username
Why wow, I'm so much more against this now. I knew you're talking about the ad earlier
But I thought you're just like off topic. No
Wow, why?
It's it's useless it doesn't it doesn't provide any value if every single user has it
Yeah, then what's the point? This is this is great
So people are saying look the handles are going to be hidden in the same way that the the numbers are now
Yeah, you're gonna show you display name which is fine
Because it is gonna just not matter now in the same way that it just didn't matter already and
the amount of just
Man
Remember when we migrated float plane from the forum to the dedicated site? Yes
Asking a user to go into their account and do
Anything you might as well ask them to move the moon for you
And I don't mean that users are bad people or they're lazy
I just mean they have a life and they have other stuff to do and for a lot of people going in and
Micromanaging their profile and picking usernames is not real high up on their list of cool fun things that I want to do when I've got
You know 45 minutes of earned game time because I played piano and it's time to play games
That's not real high up on their list of what they want to do. They want to open their game and start playing
I'm gonna build this tree hut in Minecraft, okay
I played an hour and 45 minutes or whatever. What did you say?
You have you have 45 minutes game time, so I played an hour and a half of piano. I
Deserve to cut this tree down
With Bob yeah, so it's really it's really frustrating. It's just kind of stupid and I I don't I don't I don't understand
Why and I think we can just move on
Things I do understand why this is exciting
OBS just added AV one support for YouTube live streams. This is super cool
Happening want to talk us through this one. Yeah, so OBS studios
29.1 update supports streaming to YouTube using the AV one encoder stream with AV one results in boosted image quality and
bit rate
that can be reduced by up to
And bit rate that can be reduced by up to 40% without sacrificing image quality
Yeah, so you can kind of pick one
Yeah, you can keep your bit rate the same and have better image quality
Or you can lower your bit rate which could save you on bandwidth costs or data cat well
Those are the same thing
Could also make it easier for your viewers to watch it original quality. I guess I'm trying to think of that's that's more reverting to
The previous one where you're you're gaining more quality, right?
And with I think the main way this is going to be used which is a massive win is
To achieve the same amount
But with way less bandwidth. Yeah, and that's that okay the cynic in me will go
Wow good a win for Amazon
I'm sure glad that they can save money on all these twitch streams, but this is actually a W for everybody. Yeah
unnecessary internet bits
unnecessary traffic is
Harmful for absolutely everyone involved it clogs up the pipes or tubes the tubes
Excuse me, it's just a series of no, but it as much as that go in your tubes is a stupid analogy
And the internet is not a series of tubes
It's actually not entirely wrong either. Yeah, the more data that you have unnecessarily taking up your switching capacity
The less data you can deliver more quickly for everything else
Yeah, this is a win all around this is good and it's gonna cost you maybe a little bit in terms of
encoding and decoding
Power consumption that's I think maybe the the the worst
Possible outcome of this but as AV1 hardware and code and decode becomes far more prevalent over
I'd say probably the next two years or so especially good implementations
It's gonna be like kind of on any new product within about the next 24 months. I would guess
This is gonna be freaking awesome
I mean, we've tested it fairly extensively especially when Intel released their arc graphics cards and we found out
Hey, they're the first ones to deliver a next gen
GPU with AV1 encoding. How does this work? The AV1 encoding felt next gen
No, no other part of the card necessarily did but the AV1 coding a hundred percent did a hundred percent
They totally delivered there another sign in favor of AV1 approaching mass adoption is that mat rocks video
Whose graphics cards are widely used for workstations video walls and digital signage has released a new series of Luma
Graphics cards powered by Intel's alchemist
We're just talking about this architecture, which includes Intel's excellent AV1 transcoding ability makes sense
Twitch does not currently support AV1
But I bet on it coming Dave. I mean I
Guess they had that source code leak a while back
I I I we could we could probably check and see if they're
AV1 was not very flavor the month if we were unethical folks who would download the twitch source code leak
Which I am not saying we are we could look at it and we could see if maybe they had some early work on AV1 or something
Like that that they were that they were looking into but yeah, you don't want to you don't want to kick that business
They were definitely working on it at the time. I mean if if not twitch then certainly Amazon
There's no way that folks like the the team that's working on prime prime video or Netflix
Or YouTube there's no way that they haven't been working on AV1 because for years
They've been working away at this standard
Working on what the hardware and code and decode implementations will look like bringing it to maturity
This whole process takes like just with how big the industry is and how slow moving it is now it can take ten years
I mean how long have we been trying to move on from h.264?
Because HEVC was one attempt, but the licensing fees and I know there's been there's been other attempts as well a huge part
Of the problem has ended up being licensing multiple times
Whereas AV1 is a game changer because my understanding is it costs nothing to implement
It still doesn't have the same licensing setup as h.264
I don't know all the intricate details of the differences between them, but I know it's not like identical
Hold on there might be a fee. Let me just have a look here
royalty-free standards are not free of cost and this is blah blah blah blah, okay, so
What I do know is that it's much more appealing and therefore is seeing much broader adoption than HEVC
I know when I was when I was hanging out down at NASA, which is one of the coolest things to say ever
I was talking to one of their tech people about
Video compression encoding transferring data all the different complications
They have around that going around the dark side of the moon going to Mars the data complications of those different situations
And I asked what about AV1 and yeah, they currently use h.264 and
They would love to use AV1, but they're concerned about licensing issues. Oh
Interesting even even at that level concerned about licensing issues
Kind of sucks it would help them a lot
Because the amount of stuff that they have to send back and forth and the fixed pipe that they have is is a very difficult
equation for them
So AV1 apparently has royalty-free licensing, but that doesn't necessarily mean that there is no cost
So yeah, we'll have to we'll have to get you guys an update on that because I'm actually kind of interested
Squid hominid over on float playing chat is saying it'll be a game changer for twitch once they add AV1 because right now
You're hard capped at six megabit per second and you aren't guaranteed transcoding. So unless you're a prominent streamer
Basically the platform has kind of
Self-selected itself to be limited to you know two and a half to three megabytes per megabit per second streams
Unless you're a big deal on the platform already which hurts discoverability of small creators because why are you gonna tune in and watch?
Someone playing this game unless they have an absolutely
Electric personality why are you gonna tune in and watch someone play this game at low crap tastic quality?
When you can tune into one of the big streamers and it can look freakin awesome and probably sound better, too
I mean the kinds of compromises you have to make to do
To stream at two and a half three megabit per second or pretty pretty yucky
AV1 will be able to do 1080p at that and still look pretty decent. I'm excited. This is freakin awesome
Yeah
So
When float playing support it
We'll support it eventually it's not in the cards right now. We have some pretty monster
Ben with caps on our live streaming the last time I checked
So
Yeah, I don't know we're not working on it
We will work on it eventually
We are not working on it right now. We got all this stuff to do now. It's the point in the show
There is there is I'm gonna hijack this. No, you want to throw me out of the bus
I'm gonna I'm gonna crawl out of this bus there have been there's no bus
There has been a ton of updates on the site might not work right now
Because one of the updates that we pushed yesterday
apparently
Borked something with live streaming
But we are working on there's been a yeah, it was it was working a second
We know exactly what's wrong and we'll have it fixed very soon. Can we show some cool stuff though? I mean if it works
Yeah, so there's there's sub channels
So if you expand to the sidebar you can collapse the sidebar that's one thing but there's sub channels now
So to click the little arrow down the bottom left hand corner, which the users can't see because it's hidden behind us
Oh, you got a wide in the screen. There we go
So you can see all the different sub channels with their different names and stuff if you click on there
You get to see Linus's meme face and this is all the flow plain exclusives a bunch of people asked for this
So we have now added it. You can see the red bar at the bottom screen
We tried to go with like a float plane light blue, but it just didn't work. You can like never see it
So wait, whoa, whoa, wait, wait, wait. We have resume now. Yeah, so this will pick up where I left off
I mean if it
Are we wow, I don't think we've been this broken in a long time. Yeah, but I mean like I said we know we know what's wrong
So what what what set it off was us going live? Ah
You know, what's really funny Luke?
Do you remember when I popped into the float plane aquarium I think yesterday and you guys were telling me
Yeah, we pushed everything that we talked about in our meeting yesterday. It's all live
And I was like that seems like a really weird thing to do on a Thursday afternoon heading into the weekend and you guys were like
Do you remember that yeah, we remember that when's a good day to push, you know Monday. No
Don't know how you guys normally push Friday just before wancho. I mean, we don't talk about it. Okay, any who
Resume works by the way. We've got some great exclusives on there now. We've got the extras from the NCI accessor PC build
We've got their first time series with Sarah now
So where people kind of talk about their early days in the company and react to their first time on camera
I've watched a few of those. Yeah, we've got I think that few is all there is there's Nick Colton
They're very new. Yeah, it's a really good idea for a series. I've also got a little bit of early access going on right now
I took my PC to geek squad
It looks like we've already fixed it for the main site and the beta site will figure itself out soon
So yeah, they're on it. They'll fix it. It's all right cool. So there's another really cool thing though
If I go into my settings
I can change my notifications for each individual subject per channel now
Yeah, it could so
There's a there's also the include email notifications. That's going to change
We're going to turn email into more of like a digest system where you get an email
This is going to be user selectable you get an email either once a day or once a week
With like all of the notifications that would have happened within that time window
The reason why we want to switch to that is just because
Some people might be getting a lot of notifications and getting a ton of email is actually like super annoying
So 100 yeah, we're doing that
But yeah, so if you don't like if you're like, no, I like mac address and tech news
I don't want anything else. So you can turn off everything else. Just leave those on do whatever you want. No problem
And then how does this work? I can change my subscription tier now, right?
So if you click on the channel again, I believe you can do it from here, but you have granted subscriptions
So it's not going to show but if you if you click on the channel again. Yeah, mm-hmm if it works
Uh, click manage subscription over there. Mm-hmm
And then you can click subscribe on the tiers that you don't have
um, oh, okay, and then
Okay, yeah, it's not going to show for me because you have granted subscriptions because this is my channel. Yeah
Yeah, anyway. Oh that also makes sense. Yeah, uh, but yeah, you can you can subscribe you can change your your subscriptions through there
So yeah, there's been we pushed the the list of things that we pushed this last week is an entire page long
Yeah, uh making up for lost time. Yeah a little bit. So I mean, yeah, maybe we we
Flew a little close to the sun broke a little thing in there. Um, we didn't test live streaming
I guess which was a bit of a a bit of a miss
But it's it is okay. They are on it
It's going to be fixed soon and honestly the beta site feels amazing right now
If you want to use it go to the main one because the beta site's broken
But the beta fight site feels so good that beta fight that sounds like a great speaking of live streams
I would watch that that's what the fish do. No, not the fish. I'm talking like
Oh my god, um
The the beta site feels great. Uh, one of our
Small issues that we had that we kind of resolved last night jumped in a call with dankpods
Because he uses safari for everything and as far as I can tell he is the only user on the platform that uses safari
So he's very useful for bug testing safari
Um, great. So we jumped on a call with him just to like make sure everything was all good. Um,
And uh, he also didn't live stream so it was
Um, got it
But yeah, we're we have we're going to spend like the next week or so
Uh, kind of bug testing these types of things and fixing stuff and then probably
Hopefully be ready to send it after that. But yeah, fantastic
Now it's the point in the show where we explain about merch messages
If you guys want to interact with the show, don't send a super chat. Don't send a twitch bit or butt or whatever just
Send a merch message that way instead of just throwing money into the ether you can
You know have uh, have your message pop up in the bottom down here or
Maybe dan will curate it for us to talk about later on the show when show after dark or you know, maybe it'll just get
Not shown at all because you put an inappropriate word in it and he had to block it. He had to block you
I mean it does that that definitely does happen
So the way to send a merch message is you just go to lttstore.com
You check out any of the great products over there including some of our new arrivals
And in the checkout you will have the option
To send a merch message. What do you want to see first today?
Do you want to see the new t-shirt designs that are actually very exciting and cool?
And we can finally launch because our printer is back up and running
Or do you want to see the new mouse pad called the cyber stats desk pad cyber stats cyber stats
I was gonna say t-shirt because I always love the t-shirts, but cyber stats sound super cool
So let's check that out. All right. Let's save the most exciting for luke for last
Why do I even ask him anything when I'm just gonna do the opposite because otherwise I wouldn't know what he doesn't want
So we've got three new designs
I'm just gonna head to the store right now because I don't know what creative fun names we have for them
Here they are. Ah, yes. We have a fan t-shirt
Our hardware hardware inspired series is back
So it's kind of a fan
But also there's like kind of a planetary thing going on and these are all printed on our blanks, which are flipping awesome
We've also got
Ooh a new cpu design
Okay, well that's pretty sick. How if I you know what I probably I probably have seen this
I think I just forget because we probably looked at it first along. Oh, no, this is sensor. Oh, that's right
That's right. Right. Right. Right. This is inspired by like a camera sensor. Yeah, that makes sense
This is the light kind of coming in and hitting it. Yep. Yep. Yep, man
This was designed back when they were still upstairs. They didn't even have their own office yet
And then we've also got the mountain t-shirt
That's
Cool. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not saying there wasn't any Death Star inspiration
I actually just don't know
Now let's talk about the cyber stats desk pad. It's only available in one size
So it's not quite the same as all of our uh, well
I shouldn't say all of our as some of our other ones that are available in a wide variety of sizes
But it's pretty cute
It is chock full of interesting stats about the ltt channel
So here if you want to take a side I can point out some of the some of the things
Uh, this right here, I believe is our oh crap
Uh, Sarah told me all of this
Oh, no
Now I forget. Oh, no, it's not labeled. Oh crap. Well
Good luck me. I guess I'm gonna get everything wrong
uh, first up
I think this is
um
Where people tune in from by geography
And I want to say this is the us
And then this is probably like canada great britain. So this is like all the other countries. Yes. Yes location
There's a little location thing here
Uh, this
Is I believe the waveform of the ltt
Intro song
Oh, oh, what just oh luke dang it luke. Okay. We've got the wan show logo ltt logo
We've got uh all the items from the classic intro. Nice. We've got
Oh, no, what's the chart? What is that? Oh crap. Why didn't we put this on the product page? I have no idea
Um, I think this
Oh, no, I don't know this cure code though super cool. You go to the latest or yeah luke luke just tried it
It goes to the latest video that we uploaded to ltt
Floop I made that it was pretty cool. Oh, did they okay? That's very very very sweet. And unfortunately, I forget everything else
It should it's we should put it on the product page. Yeah, we should put that on the product page
We'll do that. Yeah, you guys will get the you guys will get the cool backstory for anyway, sarah designed that and uh, super cute
That's sweet
All right, why don't we go ahead and uh
Start our next. Oh, right. We're supposed to do a couple of merge messages dan
You want to hit us with a couple? Sure. First one here is from dav
Hi dll big fan of your show the channels and flow plane with the advent of the rog ally
What other big tech companies do you think are going to throw their hat in the ring of handheld gaming pcs?
Well, the second asoost does anything gigabyte and msi will do it so that will certainly happen
um
Man other than that, I would be surprised if delay lee and wear didn't have a product like this
I mean they showed one off ages ago
It's it's for them. It wouldn't even be coming out of nowhere. Have you called them that before? Yeah delay lee and wear
Yeah, I don't think I've heard that was great. I don't think I came up with it. Oh really? Yeah, I think that's a thing
First time for me as well delay lee and wear. I like that a lot. I don't know why
Oh, man. Okay. Yeah, I I this honestly for a while. I've been expecting it from delay lee and wear
Um, but I think they might be kind of late
But it will probably be like
Solid but late. Yeah, because when when did they show that thing off?
Alienware turned to gaming. Yeah, here's uh, here's a video from the verge
From over three years ago ces 2020 where they did a like a like a nintendo switch
sort of
form factor gaming pc
And then alienware concept
nicks
They apparently did it again at ces 2022
No, what is this? No, no, that's that's that's something else entirely. So no, yeah, it's that 2022 it was the ufo concept
So if del if del alienware did it then that wouldn't surprise me at all
And then if they do it, you know, I think other tier ones like I would be very surprised if the acers and lenovo
legions of the world didn't come in and try and compete in the space because the thing is
I'm actually surprised it's taken this long
If you kind of get what I mean
Because if these companies can engineer a laptop
Yeah, what's the difference?
It's a lot of like stuff to jam in there
It is but it also isn't have you opened up a chromebook recently. Yeah, but that's a chromebook
It's not like a this is a chromebook
The whole thing's integrated
The cpu the gpu, but it's more powerful. It's an soc
Well powerful from what standpoint right because we're talking we're talking like 30 watts
Oh, wow, jeez. Yeah, it's nothing
So you have as long as you sort of fundamentally understand cooling
No, but I guess what I'm trying to say is we're talking about timeline like how did it happen this late?
But like yeah technological advancement
Sure, I mean that's fair enough, but I just mean why are why are they getting blindsided by the ally?
Why weren't they just working on the ally is maybe a little bit surprising to me
The steam deck is not because as we've talked about before it's heavily subsidized by steam game sales
So you can kind of make it in an expensive way
And then not very it's it's like how they used to lose money selling consoles apparently they still are
Really?
Yeah, I doubt the ps5 is losing money, but I I'd be surprised if they're making money on xbox series s
What would be the point in losing money on a ps5?
Um sell more games. I mean same as same as it was when they were sold out at stores for three years or something like
I don't know whatever
But yeah, I
I don't know. I I'm surprised at the I feel like I'm almost the opposite
I'm not surprised that the other ones are so late. I'm surprised the ally is so early
Really?
Oh, because I didn't expect another competitor to steam deck
That is as good as the ally seems to be this fast. That was very surprising to me
Well, the steam deck was already a generation behind for cpu tech
And our dna3 was already on the horizon for desktop gpus
So we knew that architecturally amd had already laid the ground. No, I get that. It's possible
I'm just surprised that they actually reacted that quickly. I guess
Because this is like a whole new product segment all this kind of stuff
Yeah, but it's not that fast like that's the thing. I guess I'm kind of trying to say is how long go to the steam deck launch
Is this like a year a year or more
Yeah, because uh about a year. I think was when they started showing it one year to
Create an entirely new product. Well, that's the thing with manufacturing and everything like
Delalienware asus has had their eye on this for quite a while. They've been working on prototypes
On the like in the back room a little over a year older. Yeah, and and the thing is
They're used to working on that product development cycle. That's the thing. Okay. That's the part of the puzzle
Maybe you're missing here is because intel launches a new generation of cpus every year
So they're iterating start to finish on a product in a year every time already
Yeah, yeah, and they're doing they're doing different manufacturing
Because they're not yeah, yeah, that's fair enough and so any time they put a new
Bring new chassis to market as heck, but these companies I guess are used to dealing with that frame. That's literally their entire job
Is to get some pre production broken ass silicon from intel and amd or whoever else kind of go
Okay, yeah as long as the final product is somewhat within these thermal and power specifications
We're going to start designing around this they do up all the tooling they get the final
They get the final silicon they build these a handful of these things to show at trade shows
And then you know two months later. They're rolling off the mass production lines and they're shipping to customers
That's what they do. So it's kind of mind-blowing to me that msi doesn't have a companion
And gigabyte doesn't have a they would call it supporter, you know
Support support class. Yeah, you know whatever, right?
I don't know and maybe they do maybe they just don't want to tip their hand
maybe they want to see how the ally goes in typical sort of copycat fashion
And you know if it goes really well, then they leapfrog. That's the position. I feel like del is in
I feel like del moves slower on this kind of stuff. Yeah. Yes. Do yeah
No, I know like they're the first with that. They were the first with an OLED gaming monitor
First mover del
Alienware. Yeah, but the like product segment was more stable. They were actually first with an OLED business monitor as well
Way back in the day. That was a disaster that product launch. Okay. Well, that didn't work out
Yeah, I ordered one because I they wouldn't send me a review sample
And I was sure I knew why because it wouldn't get burn in because it was a very early OLED
And so I bought one. I was like, okay, I'll order your stupid 1200 monitor or whatever even though I really don't want one
And it got broken in shipping and in the time between me ordering it and trying to rma it
They discontinued it and wouldn't send me another one. So I think what happened is they probably just
Realized every single one of these things they sold was going to come back
And just scrapped them. That's kind of brutal. Yeah, that's that's what I suspect happened. I've never confirmed that but I'm pretty
Pretty suss. It's pretty suss that whole thing how that went down
Squid hominid and float plane shot said going with the names companion and supporter here is even funnier
If you remember that it was almost called the steam pal
That's pretty good it what I didn't know that actually. Oh my gosh
I'm I'm still pretty surprised anyone was steam deck
With stream deck already existing
Yeah, I think I feel like if anything I accidentally call this steam deck
More than I accidentally call a steam deck a stream deck though. Yeah, so
Valve won. Yeah. Oh, they like immediately won. It's just kind of it's surprising
Because they're so close like companies usually don't like touching that much, you know
All right hit us again. Sure thing
Um, I heart today's video about gs
I started a local repair shop with inspiration from lmg
One thing that surprises me was the amount of audio gear that I see. Are there any markets that you reach that you didn't expect?
Oh, um, you know what not anymore
It definitely used to
But these days if anything, I'm the one telling potential partners that we reach
An audience that you probably don't expect. I remember back when we first got in touch with amd's like enterprise and server
CPU folks. So like epic
They were very hesitant to work with us assuming that everyone that watches
And gamer bros the rest of the channel. Yeah, there's like the gamer gamer kids or whatever
But I mean, I have I have the analytics, right? I have the demographics numbers. I know that's not true
So I basically went okay, so you won't send us a CPU fine. I'll just go buy a cpu. What do I care?
So actually, I don't even think we ended up buying one. I think wendell lent us one or something
We got our hands on one somehow it doesn't matter
The point is we were pretty well connected in worst-case scenario
We open up the purse strings we buy it, right?
And so we made a video that was just like an episode of holy s*** where we we checked out
I think it was a 32 core like the first epic that we covered there's either 32 or 64
It doesn't matter the point is that it absolutely blew up
Definitely registered for them because ever since then
They're pretty down to work with us because I feel like
For and and and it's nothing personal because it's a mistake that anyone could make
If your nose is like this close to the product, right?
You know the strength of it
You know how cool epic is and how disruptive it is from a price to performance to power consumption standpoint
You know all the the advantages and everyone you talk to literally everyone in your life
So your hardware partners your software partners
Your cut your your current customers
Gets it
So you kind of go well everyone must get it then
But the reality is that a lot of people work in that industry
and
You know what maybe just aren't actually that
Excited to learn about cpus
Maybe what they actually are excited about and care about in their spare time
Is wacky cooling experiments that we do or you know, what phone should they buy or
How does not to not to keep bringing them up?
Yeah, one of the things that the nasa guys said was that they get inspiration from watching
You just do random stuff seriously and it inspires them to push the envelope in certain ways. Okay. I take it back
I do I am surprised then but like I I was a little bit too, but there was multiple of them saying
Yeah, and they might not you know, they might not do the exact same thing
Oh, I should certainly hope not but it inspires them to to think in a certain direction or potentially test certain things out and see how well
An implementation or a version of something that you did or maybe even the same thing might work in their environment
That's hilarious. It's actually like really cool. So back to the data center thing though
people are tuning in because they just are excited about technology or or they're excited about some kind of technology and
Oh, holy crap the number of times I've seen this comment
It's so cool to see you guys talking about the thing that I do all the time. I never expected you guys to cover this
Um, this is so cool and I've even seen this one too
Now I can take this to my like purchasing manager and go
Hey, we should really look at this because it's got coverage on this huge tech channel
and you'll often break it down into
Something that that purchasing manager might understand and not just the purchasing manager their manager
Yeah, like there's I forget how the saying goes, but it's like what is it?
No one ever got fired for using IBM or something like that
No one ever got fired for buying something and it's like one of those really boring but like
Predictable companies. I'm sure people are going to be going to be hitting us
In the in the chat letting us know like what the expression is
But it's like that, right?
And so I think what amd figured out is that even among tech savvy people people who are passionate in care
There's influences on them that might not be passionate might not care or might just you know
Want to cover their butts, right?
So, you know what? I've never I've never gotten reprimanded for buying Intel
So I'm just going to keep buying Intel and all of a sudden whoa epic. Hold on a second. What's this apparently?
Yeah, it was IBM apparently Cisco has used like a similar kind of marketing as well. Yeah, exactly, right?
And so that's one of the things that's really fun and really cool about covering things that we don't normally cover
Do we get every single thing right? Do we hit, you know, all the
Do we manage to communicate all the nuance around the product and its uses?
Do we have a well-built out benchmark suite say for example for, you know enterprise
machine learning the reality of it is no because
So many of these organizations are using completely custom software anyway before they go and buy
10,000 of them they're going to go and they're going to do their own validation. Anyway, you know for us
It's just about hey. This is really cool. We're really excited about it and sharing that passion sharing that energy
And so yeah, I I'm no longer cash and say I'm no longer surprised by the kinds of people that watch us
Just because they want to share that passion and share that energy and and look for inspiration
Um, but I am surprised it surprised me. Yeah, I mean, but it's like
It's very cool. And like you got to understand it to a certain degree
I think it's sort of makes sense
Yeah, I mean if you're if you're um, if you design
Cars, you know, does that mean you just like don't watch top gear? Yeah, because they're doing silly things that don't make any sense
Yeah
No
Yeah, and yeah, you probably know more about automotive engineering than any of those guys
Yeah, but you don't get to do that. Yeah, you're not allowed to do that
You know, what's funny is that's actually
Kind of the story behind how we ended up with that 5,000 watt chiller was uh, buddy from spacex
Um, man, I wish I could shout out his name now
He came up and showed me this like cool little led backlit 3d printed sign thing that he does anyway
I don't know. Maybe you guys I think we shouted him out in the video where he actually showed off the chiller
But buddy from spacex is like, yeah
We ripped this thing out
Thinking that it was broken we put the new one and it turns out it wasn't broken at all
It was actually like a kinked hose somewhere else in the line
And it would cost more to put it back in now. So
I got to take it home and I was like
What am I gonna do with this? You know, it'd be fun
For me is watching you guys do something stupid with it. Yeah, like that's sweet. That's awesome. So since we got it we've
We've put it on like a couple different cpus. We
We bios modded a 4090 to accept up to a thousand a thousand watts
Like total board power and then we like chilled that thing with it
We're gonna use it for all kinds all kinds of wild things. Uh, so I guess I I guess I kind of get it
Yeah
But I'm surprised literal rocket scientists are looking to us for inspiration
These guys these guys the the two guys I was talking to with that in particular were the people that design
the
The mission control centers. Oh, cool. Okay
So including the like dashboards and stuff that people use and like the the like quick call control panel thing and like the
All that type of stuff. So it's like
Yeah, that's flipping awesome. Yeah
data pipelines for receiving video and and like the the chart that shows where the iss is going
And all this other type of stuff. Yeah, seems like an important chart. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, where did it come from?
Where did it go? Where did it come from? ISS? Joe?
All right, two more topics
Two more topics. Let's do it. You want to pick one?
Yeah, ea ea blames gamers using high-end hardware for star wars performance issues ea
Man, we used to dog on these guys all the time and then I feel like they were
You know, they learned to keep their mouths shut and let activision blizzard be worse. Yes
And let ub soft be worse and then they got annoyed
You know blizzard
Bethesda, they're taking too much of the spotlight. We got to do something really stupid and now they're back
Welcome back. Let's go ea ea has released a patch for star wars jedi survivor
Which has been plagued with performance issues including wildly inconsistent fps massive vram usage broken cutscenes and frequent crashes before the patch
ea released a
Apology of sorts where it blamed the issue on pc players using windows 10
on high-end hardware
The official statement i'm gonna skip the first paragraph go right into the second one. No, i'm not i'm gonna read the whole thing from the start
We are aware that star wars jedi survivor isn't performing to our standards for sure for our percentage of pc for a percentage
Great, that's very helpful. So first you hedge your apology. You're not even a full line in yet
Come on a percentage of pc players
In particular those with high-end machines or certain specific configurations
For example players using cutting edge multi-threaded chipsets designed for windows 11
Were encountering problems on windows 10
Or high-end gpu's coupled with lower performing cpu's also saw unexpected frame loss now
Hold on a second. I have to stop you right here. It's my fault if i have a cutting edge high-end
cpu
But it's also my fault if i don't have a good enough cpu. Yes
Carry on you're doing it wrong. Whatever way you're doing it. You're doing it wrong
They they end it with rest assured. We are working to address these cases quickly
To be fair to be to be fair
They're not blaming the people
They're just saying this is where the problems are occurring and we are fixing it, okay
But does it perform great on low-end hardware?
I think I think it might perform more consistently. I think the problem right now is that you're getting crazy spikes
Right, so the issue then is that they're just they just didn't validate ultra settings. Oh, yeah
I think so because why would anyone do that?
And and a very good variety of hardware I think is a big part of the problem, you know, it's really sad
Is the probable result here is we're just not going to get high-end sliders
They're probably going to look at this and go, you know what it would have been so much easier for us to just
Cap it out at whatever the current gen consoles are capable of. Is it just high quality settings that this is a problem for?
That I don't know. I don't think so. I think it's everything, but they're specifically saying the issue is high-end hardware
Yeah, but they're not saying when put on a high-end setting
It's just high-end hardware at all wouldn't any why would anyone run it on low though?
Yeah, but you can't say like medium is a high-end setting that's fair and medium is a pretty common thing for people to run stuff on
No, it's all settings. Yeah, people are saying it's all settings. Okay
And apparently there's a there's a new patch which is already helping it
I think people are just mad because the wording of this which it's not worded
great the
Is it performing to our standards for a percentage of pc players is not a fantastic way to say that
No, that's that's uh, that's fine
That's like when I ask one of my daughters to apologize to the other
Sorry
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly
man
So hardware unboxed disputed ea's conclusion finding that the game ran better not worse on windows 10
And that both 10 and 11 showed poor cpu usage
Console gamers were quick to point out that they too were encountering game breaking bugs and serious frame rate issues
This ea blamed on an issue with hdr. That was under investigation
At time of writing the game steam rating is mixed at 56 positive
Uh, okay
Runs like my butt after taco bell
I actually take issue with that
Your butt probably runs pretty well after taco bell. Well, maybe not well, but very fast
Low latency
Oh boy, um cool. Okay moving on. We need another topic. Let's get out of here. Yeah
Pixel fold pixel fold announced officially after you know, it was leaked by absolutely everyone including video hands-on. Yeah, awesome
Why is it that google can't keep these things under control? I don't get it. I feel like it's intentional at this point
It's literally been every pixel launch since like pixel became a thing. You think so. I think so. Well, I don't know about the uh
intentional thing but
There's no way they care that much
Or else they'd be able to get some amount of wraps on this. You know what? I accidentally pulled my note on wanshow
like pixel
Two pixel something. Well, and remember like somebody just left some early pixel device at a bar
Well, no, they were mad and I think you're thinking of an iPhone actually for that. Was it?
Yeah, that was that was pretty that was pretty early on and apple was mad
And I think eventually did recover it and that's all that like was a whole thing
But for the pixel I I did pull one out on wanshow once by accident and they were definitely mad
so
Maybe it shifted since then. Maybe I don't know they just
Suck at this
It's hard for me to say
But somehow apple manages to do a much much better job of it
Yeah, like I mean samsung does a better job of it like usually they're basically every other phone maker
Well, I mean it feels like pixel has the most like you were just talking about there's video hands on
Pixel has the most like brutal leaks and that happens with samsung devices as well
But I also don't think it's fair to compare against other mobile device makers either because the reality of it is for the
vast majority of the rest of them no one cares and that's why nobody
Puts the kind of effort like sticks their neck out to leak this thing because
Why?
And it's not like you can't find leaks. It's just the the degree to which pixel devices get leaked
I'm sure as Xiaomi me something it's probably leaked at some point
But it doesn't gain the same kind of momentum. So maybe that's part of it, too
Is that there's no there's no news cycle around some, you know
Red magic
Gaming phone. Yeah, no one cares. That's fair enough
Well, google has announced the upcoming pixel folds nearly all the details of the phone had already leaked weeks ago
So very little of the announcement was a surprise
According to leaked internal documents, the fold is expected to have a 5.8 inch outer display that folds out into a
7.6 inch tablet display
And the most durable hinge on a foldable
There were no particulars attached to this claim of durability such as how many thousands of times the phone can be folded
Before becoming damaged google has not mentioned an exact price or release date
But the fold is expected to cost over 1700 dollars according to the same leaked
documents
oh
Discussion question how durable does a foldable phone need to be to make it worth it?
It it can't will the pixel fold be significantly better than the samsung foldable
so
I would like to talk about that. Yeah, I'm hopeful
If only because I like
foldable phones
I
Well, I don't I shouldn't say I like foldable phones. Would you buy one? I?
Okay, let's get to that later. Okay. I like
being able to have a big
big
spreadsheet in my pocket
I like this this helps my life. Hopefully that's not important. Uh, no, it's not it's uh, it's the data from how much cooling
Do you need? Okay, uh, so that video went up uh yesterday
This is a lot of data points. Hey, you guys like that. Are you data nerds? Let's go. Yeah
Um
It makes it just makes a really big difference for me
I want to see the screen tech continue to evolve because right now it seems like you get a year of trouble-free operation out of it
And after that it develops micro cracks at least mine has
Um, but for me the bigger issue isn't even that because I'll keep using this with micro cracks down this down the middle like
Whatever for me the bigger issue is software and the one
Most annoying software vendor
That has made this experience
Noticeably worse for me over the almost three years now. I think I've been daily driving a foldable phone is google
I still
Still don't have support for stories and in fact this is wild right it's inconsistent
So right now I have only three options. Which ones are missing? I have upload a video. I have go live and I've created a post
I can't even upload a short right now. I don't think
Hold on. Do I have another I don't have another phone on me right now
Uh, oh, oh, oh, hold on. Hold on. No might be in the wrong profile might be in the wrong profile for that. So let's do
Ugh
Okay. Yeah. No. No, I have no shorts
Um
That sucks. I'm wearing shorts. I can create a post but hold on a second
Get wrecked or wait, how do I just go to the channel? I'll cry out loud. Just go to the chat. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Okay community
Okay, the community posts at least work now. So that's good. That was broken for a very long time
But I still
Can't upload stories
Can't upload shorts. I have escalated this and I know they got it because I've escalated it through their
Their creator liaison. I've escalated it through the top creator manager that I have. I've escalated it in
Person at like the vp level. Okay
to youtube
I have made videos about it. Um, I have complained about it on wandshow
They know they know you know what the problem is
That this version of the youtube app is the tablet or is is derived from the tablet version of the youtube app
Which was behind on android not on ios where the ipad could do everything just fine
um
And it was behind the development of all the other apps and we're not talking
Days behind or weeks behind. We are talking years behind at this point
So
I don't know google
Should I trust this device should I trust you to give two flying
craps
About supporting your hardware properly when you're not supporting your ecosystem partners properly
And you're just putting the tablet version on and then not bothering to update the tablet version of youtube
See this this upcoming generation of phones is probably going to mark an upgrade for me considering all the problems
I've been having with my phone
I can't
The extra street screen space like the the app problems
What I do on my phone. I would probably run into
Less of the app problems that you run into
And I would probably run into more beneficial things being able to open that spreadsheet would be great
That type of stuff is going to be more in line with what i'm doing
Um, but it's a 1700 dollar phone
That is going to show extreme wear after a year and chat chat. You're not wrong
A lot of them are saying look, they don't care because there's so few of these things out there
I know that's why you should almost never buy the top end crazy motherboard
You should always buy whatever the most popular one is because that's the one that's going to get bios development
That's the one where they're going to prioritize fixing issues
Because if they don't fix issues, they're going to get 10 000 customer support tickets
And it's going to bury their support department, right if
You know a hundred enthusiasts have a problem
You know, yeah, those are your theoretically your your best customers who spend the most money with you and you'd think you would treat them well
But in practice, it's it's not
It's not pragmatic, right to deal with them first you deal with the big problem first
So they're much more likely not over the short term over the long term. I'm talking five years later when
Resizable bar shows up as a feature. Yeah, the most mainstream board is the one that's most likely to a get a first party update
And b potentially get a community update that hacks support in because so many people have them
But that's not an excuse
If your concern is that so few people need this
This device and need it to work properly then why the f*** you making one? Yeah
That's the counter argument
So fine, you don't care
Okay, then don't make it this feels like we're going to run into the same problem a really long time ago
You and I used to like echoing this whole I don't remember what brand it was. I'm sure you do
But there was a a case in power supply brand that made a case that didn't really fit its own power supply
Oh, it's probably an tech. I think so. Yeah, I just don't 100 remember
But we used to meme on them all the time because there's like, how do you not try your own power supply in your own case?
And this feels like the same kind of thing like I suspect they're going to launch and they're still going to have these problems
And that's a different level of unacceptable. How did you not run your own software on your own product?
Like if you're going to release a folding phone your stuff should probably freaking work for it
That's crazy
I'm still hopeful
I would like for it to be good
And there's definitely some things that you know, I wouldn't mind upgrade because this is uh, this is a fold threes
This is this is last gen
Um, there's definitely some things that I wouldn't mind seeing improved. I wouldn't mind a better camera
So I'm definitely going to try and daily drive it, but I want to see a really good software experience
And if my problem was with I mean, oh, yeah, here's another funny one. If my problem was with third-party apps, right?
Obviously, I get it. You know, how do you incentivize?
a small app developer like float plane ink to
To, you know, make it so that the app works properly
within
You know with my folding phone or whatever, right?
Um, how would they be able to do that if google themselves can't do it?
So I I get that right, but here here's two google apps that don't work properly. I already showed you youtube
Okay, here's the studio. Oh wait. No, hold on. I gotta show you. No, no, this is this is better
Oh, by the way for people interested, uh, the float plane beta sites fixed already
Employees be fast youtube studio. This is the creator app for monitoring your channel and everything
So i'm just gonna casually open. Oh, wait, what what what is that? What are these? What are these pillar boxes?
Are you kidding me right now? Okay, so then I try and do the same thing
So this comes down to this comes down to app support
So I do the same thing on float plane and I open it up and it just works properly
It fills the whole screen like come on google. This is your own software running on your own operating system
Okay, technically it's samsung touch with whatever they call it now touch was new touch was
But i'm pretty sure that you could make this work you've had
Three and a half years of retail availability, which means you've had more like four plus years
Of this product being in development knowing this is happening
And apparently you care about folding devices because you're building your own one
So you would think you would be trying to figure this out
That's it. That's all my rage for this
But i'm still it's all right
I dodged your question
Yeah
$1,700 because because it is very expensive, but you have been in the folding ecosystem for a long time now
So exiting would probably be a pretty significant pain point
It's easier for me because I have not been using a folder
I
Pretty tough. Yeah, not because I can't afford it not because I don't see the value
But I am very cheap. Yeah, and it's not a question of
Yeah, it's not a question of does it have a value to me. It really does
But does it have
Because like honestly there's a feel right. I don't game on my phone
No, I could get by with like a phone for a few hundred bucks realistically
Yeah, it just needs a good battery life screen brightness. So does it and you can get that for like
399 no problem
But usually like something really nice for 499 599
Usually there's other drawbacks that I find
Yeah
So is it worth another thousand dollars?
I feel like the way that some people spend money is really different from me though
Like I will I will drop
Okay, here's something
I was asked for approval for three thousand dollars for uh
For a like, I don't know three eighths of an inch thick concrete pad in the middle of the lab warehouse
Because they were concerned that if it wasn't level enough the spot where they put our rf isolation chamber
That it could potentially like cause problems. I was like, okay
Because that's that's business right theoretically we're gonna create content and we're gonna generate revenue
But then if you ask me but there could that's the other thing with the fold
Is if you you said you don't play games on it, but if you work on it
And if you're able to extract a thousand dollars worth of value due to work, I do but my eyes are still okay
I can I could use a candy bar if I really needed to right like so so if you so if you tell me, okay
Now it's now it's for something personally
Um, it's gonna cost you 50 bucks
And it's a it's a bracket that holds up this thing
I'm making myself like yeah, I don't know
Probably just I could probably just get like a
Like a drywall anchor and a little l bracket and put a piece of two by four on it. It's fine
right like I
I just have a completely
Different way of thinking about stuff that I use personally. Yeah
Like I didn't upgrade up until we started doing videos about it because I was locked in my house
Uh for the for the covid shutdown or whatever
I hadn't touched my computer for like several years
And you would think I would just upgrade my computer all the time because I just you know
Want a fast computer and obviously there's fast computer hardware like falling out of the sky around here
You do like working on your house, but that's not necessarily fair because I feel like the example you were giving earlier
Was for something for yourself that was in your house not content a lot of the also that but I feel like working on your house in general
Benefits like your family
Yes
and content and content and content
Uh, I like yes
Sometimes I do it the hard way just because I'm like this will be kind of fun
Yeah, and that's the thing is I think some people will cynically go
Well, he's doing it just for content and I'm like no no
I'm doing it because it's fun and fun makes good content. So you missed a step
I could do it. That is actually an important step. I could just hire someone to put a control for a system in my house
Absolutely
It's not a question of of cost. It's a question of
Well, what fun is that?
Let's make a video about it. Yeah, I can't make a video about some professional contractor coming in and you can't be very interesting
Well, we've done it. We've done it. I mean brian the electrician. We brought him into just he wired up a stupid ups
Stupid
What?
No, no, it adds to it when it's like ridiculous. I don't I'm not wasn't saying it's no it was just it was just a professional choice
It was just a good ups. Yeah, but like and it's like a really sick ups
Okay, and then we did this. Okay. Okay, but then we did the same thing
I brought in brian the electrician to put a car charger in my garage
And that was really the boringest
Siemens
Car charger that ever existed at that point time. I feel like he's a character on the channel though. Uh, okay. Okay. That's kind of fair
That's kind of fair. I'm just saying brian the electric. I'm just saying
We can bring in a contractor to basically do the work and I can make a video about it. I can make that work look
If I had a superpower
I think it's
That I can get a million views on a hard drive
And I I've I it's not just that specifically
But it's it's like I don't have
You know mr. Beasts just intuitive sense of how to make the most captivating
Crack cocaine in video form like addictive content
imaginable
I can't do it. I I don't have that kind of imagination and I don't have the kind of
You know slick approach that like an mkbhd or mr
Who's the boss might take to covering the latest smartphone in a way that is super digestible to a mainstream audience
But if there's anything that I can do better than any of them
It's I can get a million views on a hard drive or some enterprise pieces software
Like something that the makers of it couldn't possibly
imagine getting
A hundred views on youtube let alone let alone a million and it was something that I uh
I remember it just kind of slipped out of my mouth when I was having a meeting with some hard drive manufacturer at like c.e.s
Or something like that, uh, and they were just like, yeah
I mean, I don't know that they basically were not too worried about the video because they were like, I don't know
They didn't really know who we were
I don't know. It doesn't really matter. Is anyone going to watch this? I'm like, oh, yeah
like
We are probably the only channel on earth that can get a million views on a hard drive and then I was like, yeah
Yeah, we probably are
That's pretty cool
And so that dang it
That's what we can do. That's what I do. That's that's what we do
Heck yeah, uh, all right. What are we talking about? I think we just finished our second of two topics
And we're moving on to the next thing Dan's paying very close attention to the show. You can tell
You can tell because it looks like this and we have a fun one today. Oh hit me
Oh
Oh, oh, we have a really good one today. You guys aren't going to want to miss this. Yes
This is how we get you. This is how we make you listen to all of them
Because you won't know which one is really special
The show is brought to you today by hot wheels rift rally hot wheels rift rally is a sick summer gift for gamers and rc car
Enthusiasts and dan is over here and he's oh sick. Oh
Oh
And rc car enthusiasts. It's a mixed reality game that combines the digital world with the physical world to create
An ar gaming experience that is fun for all ages and man
This kind of fpv technology is
Sick, uh, I think the first time I ever experienced it was when we were creating those
Diy ones for ltx. Oh, yeah, they were a complete disaster because
There were a lot of finicky technical details that we mostly kind of sort of got right. Um
But the first time
I I put the goggles on
And experienced it. I was like
Holy crap. It's very this is like driving around in a giant video game world. It's it's so cool
And they've got a ton of cool gameplay features. So whether you prefer stunt mode challenges single or multiplayer races
There's something for everyone. Uh, you could oh, okay interesting
You can deliver dumplings to a dragon play whack-a-mole with your car
Become a living pin cushion by getting hit by as many spears as possible
And you can choose from classic hot wheels designs like twin mill and bone shaker to deep cuts like gotta go and eric stein rod
You can also customize your car's paint job and performance stats to make it truly your own and different cars legitimately handle differently
Okay, that's really cool
That's something I would not have expected in like a consumer level product
Um, so different cars handle differently adding to the fun racing strategy
Some of them are great on straightaways, but terrible in turns while others excel in tight corners
Um, and maybe I guess are not as great on the straightaways. Otherwise, you should definitely go with that one
They've got compatibility with all ios devices and playstation 4 and 5 and cross play availability
So you can play hot wheels rift rally wherever and whenever you want
So go check it out at the link below and use code linus 10
Check out to get 10 off your purchase for a limited time
The show is also brought to you by zoho one. Do you manage a business? Zoho one can make your life easier
They take the essential elements of any business like accounting marketing and hr and combine them into one unified operating system
You can build your own website from the ground up and maintain it with intuitive customization and personalization options
And you can send out purchase orders create marketing campaigns manage shift scheduling all in just a few clicks
You can track metrics and use data to make key decisions to increase revenue
And once you've got everything set you can start automating your ordering processes and never worry about them again
If you're working on the go, that's no problem
Zoho one includes a mobile app so that you can run your business anywhere
So take control of your business the way you see fit with zoho one by following the link below for a free 30 day trial
With no credit card required
The show is brought to you also by squarespace. Don't worry. It's coming soon running your own business can be hard
But making your website doesn't have to be
Squarespace is an all-in-one platform that makes it easy to get your website up and running quickly
You can grow your business online through their marketing tools
Including seo support email campaigns and social tools and they have a wide selection of award-winning
Mobile optimized templates and their commerce platform comes with everything you need from merchandising to check out plus
If you need help squarespace offers webinars guides and a 24 seven support team
We love squarespace so much. We even use it for our website for ltx expo
You can check that out at ltx expo.com
It's actually like frequently getting updates these days because we're gearing up for ltx expo
So go to squarespace.com forward slash when to get 10 off today
now
We have a bonus fourth
Sponsor today. There's one more
Okay, so what do I what do I do dan? Yeah, what happens by the way guys?
You probably noticed that
All of the sponsor reads were normal this week. Don't worry. Dennis hasn't been terminated. Yeah
He just wasn't around this week. Oh long story. Okay short story actually, but
Yeah, yeah, that was the whole story. Yeah, that's the whole story
Basically, you're just gonna go through the read like it was a Dennis read and then I'll explain some more stuff at the end
Okay. Okay. Cool. I'm really excited and you should be excited too. You special person who you know who you are unless you don't
No
Thank you forum for sponsoring today's wanshow
Do you want something unique for your loved one or even just for yourself?
forum turns dinosaur fossils meteorites whiskey barrels and more into a ring
That's right. They make everything magical. Perhaps you and your partner enjoy cozy nights playing video games
Or going to conventions together
Or spending time with your two beloved cats
Or maybe you traveled to norway to see the northern lights together last christmas
All these beautiful moments together deserve to be celebrated and we want to help you bring back the magic of the northern lights
It's time for you to level up from max level boyfriend and finally get the husband upgrade
These specific examples and pictures might sound a little familiar to a certain viewer
Logan in australia whose girlfriend riana has a message
Logan my love my darling you are the light and love of my life
The last six and a half years have been absolutely amazing with you
And I look forward to exploring the future with you for the rest of my life
Will you marry me?
Rihanna asked us if we could help her propose to her boyfriend and of course we're happy to help
Uh, we're going to be updating the proposal news during the show. Oh, no pressure. Wow
Uh
Thanks to thorham for assisting them in this journey
Uh, whether you need a wedding ring an anniversary ring or you just want a ring that looks awesome head to thorham.com
Head to thorham.com and use code when for 20 percent off
I might not have said anything about that and we could have just quietly updated it assuming it goes well
I really hope it goes well. Um, congratulations. You too. Well, you'll all know if it does
What I want to give a little additional shout out as well for uh for hot wheels
There was a somewhat recent I think
A little expansion to force of five, which is a hot wheels expansion
And it is super fun because they just stopped caring about it being like a realistic racing game
And you're just going around like hot wheels loops and there's boost packs on the ground and like magnetic floor and all this crazy stuff
It's very fun. It's like actually very fun. Sorry. I was like I was stressed out and tuned out for a second. Um, sorry, what?
Uh, so what game how do we how do we know that we have official news by the way? I don't know. I'm sure I'm sure that Dan
I will be informed. Yeah, and I will let you know or I won't. Yeah, okay that let's let's go with that
What's what's next? Are we doing merch stuff? No, no, what game are you talking about? So yeah
Forza horizon five. Oh, they have like a hot wheels expansion thing and it's actually like super fun. Okay, cool
It's very fun. Um, I enjoy it. No offense to the Forza people, but I enjoyed it more than the main game
Flip plain chat. I can't read your username, but did nerd forage decline going to LTX?
They couldn't make it. They wanted to it's and we don't worry. We haven't had a falling out or anything
We're chill. Love those guys. It is busy. But yeah life's busy. Yes. We are still going to auction the
amazing PC that uh
I was going to say we co-built but they did most of the really cool work
That that they made for us. Um, that's going to happen at LTX and it's going to be for charity. It's going to be awesome
Um
Apparently someone watching the show is literally playing the Forza hot wheels expansion right now. Nice. Uh, a nice. It's good
Okay, it's time for a few merch messages. Dan hit me. Okay
I went to a christmas soccer match where santa parachuted from the halftime show
But clipped the roof and plummeted shocking the children
Uh, what's the biggest mishap in front of a crowd you've witnessed?
Wow
No part of that sounded real. Uh
Wow, I mean, yeah, I'm never gonna beat that story. Yeah, like what?
So
I don't know. I don't feel like I've went. Oh
I know mine
I don't mind a hundred percent. No question. Okay. Go
Jensen just going off on stage
at um tom peterson. Yeah
that was
incredibly awkward
and and like
The videos are bad. I wasn't there. I was there, but I've heard that in person it was it was rough
Because like the camera didn't show the whole thing, but you could see
Tap like when he went off stage and stuff
And like he handled it very professionally in my opinion. Jensen super did not but tap did
but like
It was just it was actually more awkward because their response to it was not matched
Right, like if they both handled it super poorly, it would probably have been less awkward a fight. Yeah
But instead it was just someone in a position of
Very uneven power
Just like clap it on someone on stage and it's just like man. I that was that was rough. That was very rough
Biggest mishap in front of a crowd
I'm just trying to think like honestly the ones that the ones that I do definitely hit me the hardest
But I haven't spent that much time in front of a crowd like I've definitely made some mistakes
I dropped that razor blade laptop when I was supposed to be unveiling it at the first LTX that was not the best
Kind of sick. Um very on brand. I but yeah, at least yeah, it wasn't it wasn't that bad. Like I've never accidentally
You know
I'm just trying to think of anything that would be really really bad
I mean, I've done lots of dumb stuff on street. Does that count?
I don't know. I mean like okay, like I've thrown stuff into a crowd and like
Accidentally nailed people with stuff and it's been pretty bad. Like that's bad. I guess. Mm-hmm. That's a mishap
I'm not gonna stop doing it packs used to be a lot more fun when they allowed that they have hard banned it now
You're not allowed throwing anything not even t-shirts. Really? Yeah, it's not stupid. No, I'm gonna throw stuff at LTX. Yeah, heck
Yeah, let's go. Yeah, let's go
Next line is liability tips. Mr. Linus. I occasionally hear South Park references
Do you have a favorite character or episode? How would you feel about your likeness being portrayed on the show?
Oh favorite favorite episodes got tenor in must die
100% that's when that's when Cartman went from just kind of like an awful little child to the
Complete sociopath that we know and love now
Um, you know, if I had to pick a few handfuls, I mean for me really the golden ages from about
late season two slash season three to maybe
I guess as soon as we start making it into anything with the coon anything with the kind of continuity from episode to episode
With stupid integrity farms and all that kind of garbage
um
Pretty much that so kind of like season three season eight season nine maybe ten
Kind of kind of in there. Um, so, you know, Cartman land is amazing anything anything where Cartman is particularly evil and then gets particularly
F***ed on is pretty much my favorite
All right, let's see next one here. Love the show boys
Linus as a fellow late 80s child and currently in IT tech
How do you adjust seeing younger and younger people join your team?
Uh tech especially seems like a young person's game
Yeah, I mean for me it's um
What choice do I have?
Right like if we if we want to if we want to stay
hip
and with it
you know
and uh
I don't think either of those are currently trendy names and down
You know we want to stay
Bussin. Yeah, I don't know if that's good or no cap for real for real. Yeah, exactly
Uh fire we I can't I can't expect myself to be cool
I never was so the best that we can do is we can keep trying to attract talent keep trying to evolve
Keep bringing in fresh ideas and that's where fresh ideas come from
Fresh ideas don't come from people who have been doing this for 30 years, right?
so
Yeah, I uh, I I guess I I don't know
It's a funny thing because at work. I don't really think about that. I'm like, you know twice jake's age or whatever
It doesn't really matter. What?
No, it's not twice, but but i'm a lot older than him
Um, and I and it's it's the same like it's it's not until the slang comes out
That I noticed someone's actually part of a completely different generation for me because tech is our common language
right
So when you've got that in common, it's easy
But if I was to go to a completely different environment if I was to go to a club or something
Yeah, I'd I'd feel far more out of place because of because of the the differences in my maybe music preferences or
um
Yeah, sure my my my way my manner of speaking, you know does anyone still speak valley girl? Like is this this is still acceptable? You know like
like like like like
Like I don't know
um
It's fine. Yeah, that's right. It's good
It's it's just part of the process and in response to that second part of the south park question
If that's a real, you know offer if you actually work on the show, I I can't I can't believe that's even a question, of course
next
Well, I think that was three. Yeah, why don't we why don't we slide another one in here? How about that?
slide into my dms
Yeah, do people still say that I don't know probably I mean it's all it's all that's all it is anymore
Someone does no cap for real
she
That was bad
Hello dan and the support staff line us a game of would you rather would you rather allow dan to remaster the christmas album?
Or allow luke another shot at pizza warmer pc. Thanks for all you do
Dan you got to stop sending your own merge messages
That's not how this works. I archive most of them
Stop talking about the christmas album
The christmas album is not happening
luke gets another shot at pizza warmer pc before you remaster the christmas album
There's no question in my mind, especially because luke never had a first shot at the
piece that the pizza warming pc because it wasn't supposed to be
A pizza warming pc. It was supposed to be a pizza heat retention pc. He just completely misunderstood the concept
Thank you for the excellent merge message
Okay, what do we do next I don't know give us the card
We don't we can't do anything. We don't give us okay some more topics, please. All right. Oh jeez
Oh, I don't want to hate you all. Why do you all troll me like this?
You try to upset me make me do something say something. I'm not supposed to say on stream
Google engineer warns public researchers are winning the ai race a leaked document from from a senior google engineer luke samau
Hopefully I said that right warns that now. I think quite close sir
S-e-r-n-a-u. Yes, that's an annoying typeface
Warns that both google and open ai may soon lose the ai race to open source development
grassroots engineers have been making huge strides in part due to the leak of meta's lama llm in part in
massive section
Probably a factor
According to the document neither company has had the kind of secret sauce that will be enough to keep them ahead
I believe they described it as a moat neither company has a moat
Worse while they've been focused on each other open source development has been quietly lapping them both
With many public researchers achieving more with a few hundred dollars and a few weeks
Then what large companies are struggling to do with millions over the course of months
because
Those open groups are playing catch up to be clear
They're not lapping them is not a really fair way of saying it because they're they're still catching up
But it's fine. It sounds cool. We're gonna stick with it
Specifically cited was the issue with running ai models on phones
Open source models are faster more customizable more private and pound for pound more capable
Luke the previously quoted person therefore urged that google should work with and learn from developers outside the company
Meanwhile an open letter to the european parliament authored primarily by german research group
lion
Has advocated against regulation of grassroots development and smaller ai research firms in part to keep the e u competitive with the united states
Quoted rules that require a researcher or developer to monitor or control downstream
Uh downstream use could make it impossible to release open source ai in europe
Which would entrench large firms and hamper efforts to improve transparency
Reduce competition limit academic freedom and drive investment in ai overseas like many ai forms
lion has been criticized for not respecting the rights of artists whose work is included in their open source database
Including threatening countersuits against artists who've requested their work be removed
Cool
Yeah, we've been talking about this on wancho for a while, but it's interesting seeing someone in within google talk about the same thing
Well, you got to make a bold prediction now
You got to keep the streak alive. You don't get to just be no nostradamus didn't get to just make you know three predictions
Absolutely nail them and then go
Well, i'm retiring with a perfect record. You have to keep making predictions. You want to know something funny
You know how you've talked about this a bunch and i think this is genuinely very true
One of the reasons why line of sectives has been punchy for so long is because you get bored very quickly
Yeah, i'm bored
You're bored already i'm bored, but but new stuff is happening the problem
Yeah
Isn't a lot of this stuff isn't actually really releasing especially not really in the way that people talk about its capabilities
Like a lot of the stuff that open ai is doing
It's alphas and they're only giving it to some people
So like the plugins thing we talked about this weeks ago
Do you have it?
No, i don't have it
Right, so if i don't get to play with it, why do i care?
That's fair the uh co-pilot for office
Yeah, looks like an insane disrupter. Yeah, where is that? Where is it?
So
I'm kind of gmail. I'm kind of in a gmail. Where's googles? Well, hold on. Here's what i really want to know
Call evan ho
Oh, wow it managed to do it i'm impressed
but yeah, like
I'm not i don't know if i should necessarily say bored
I'm feeling like it's unnecessary to keep up with the news right now because
we're
I feel like just like open ai had like the fastest adoption of a million users of anything like ever
Right, I feel like there's you know that curve
I don't remember the exact name of all the stages
But you have the massive hype at the beginning of a new technology
And then you have the massive drop of people realizing that it's like
Kind of junk right now because it's so new and then it jumps back up when you get to very productive stages
And people actually start releasing things and it becomes very usable and then it trend lines
forever basically
And I don't feel like we're actually at the bottom of that first drop yet, but I feel like we're over the hump
Because we're at the point where everybody's heard about it
Everybody has seen at least one really really cool demo of it like hub curve. Is that what you're looking for? Is it? I don't know
It might be okay
But yeah, everybody's heard of it like my even people that like
Are not into tech stuff has heard of it because it's been in mainstream news all that type of stuff
You've given everybody the fear. You've given everybody the hype. You've given everybody all that kind of stuff now. It's time to
This is not
Exactly what I was describing
It's the shape of the curve though
very much excite very
thing happen then
Less thing happened then as it gets better thing happened. Yeah, that's pretty close. Yeah, I think it's I think it's explaining the same concept
It's just not the exact curve that I was talking about
But yeah, it's time to
Deliver it's time to ship
We need stuff apparently q3
For uh for our co-pilot cool, so I'm excited for q3 right that's where I'm currently looking
Yeah, I guess that kind of is similar to how we
Really stopped talking about rumors so much on land show way back in the day
Like we used to talk a lot about oh, here's the rumored spec of the upcoming g-force whatever
And then it's got annoying what we'd realize is that the following week
There'd be a new rumored spec ever so slightly different or sometimes the same but more sure this time
And then the following week it would be and then we just kind of felt like broken records
We're just talking about this over and over and over and over again
And making noise that has absolutely no value outside of the very moment that we first talked about it
Why don't we just wait and then it's out and then we can create an evergreen piece of content
That will always inform you about that product
I think that's that's a mistake that I see a lot of starting out
and even fairly experienced content creators making where they they
Make a video or write an article or whatever else it is whatever their medium is
And they they make something that is relevant today
And I think what they're missing is the algorithmic importance of someone watching your video or listening to your song
or
Reading your article from a year ago or two years ago and still getting a value out of it. Ah, okay
Okay, what's this called? It says this is the Gartner hype cycle the hype cycle
So the bottom left hand corner thing is technology trigger
So the thing kind of shows up peak of inflated expectations trough of disillusionment all this type of stuff
So I feel like we're we're kind of
Just over the the hump right now
and if you're saying
If you're saying that it's going to be q3
We'll see we'll see yeah, and hopefully we can avoid it too big of a ton
But yeah, exactly what you're just describing. I'm feeling that way about it
I don't think there's actually a lot to talk about even this literal topic
We have literally already talked about it, right
so
yeah
content
Back to what I was saying make content that is evergreen and you will be amazed what that will do for you
You never know when like every once in a while one of the views that I like to look at in our analytics dashboard
Is what people have been watching?
most in the last 60 minutes
And what's really interesting about that view that real-time view
Is that a lot of the time it's obviously going to have your last couple of videos you released
But once in a while you'll have stuff show up. Okay, so one of the things that's most watched in the last 60 minutes
is
adam's amd ultimate tech upgrade
Okay, that really helps me keep an eye on what kinds of videos are gonna are gonna pop off in the longer term
And get a get a second wind and a third wind and a fourth wind and really really take off
And you will never put yourself in a position to do that if you create content that is just
About the rumor mill just has absolutely no relevance, and I'm not saying there's no place for that
We created a whole channel for it. It's called tech linked. We created a second channel for it. It's called game linked
Which don't worry we will we will launch we will launch eventually
There's been some challenges internally getting it getting it across the finish line, but we're we're gonna get it there
It's gonna be awesome. It's gonna be great. Riley and his team are doing an amazing job getting everything set up for it
but
Okay, ai I guess we'll just kind of play the waiting game and yeah
Like maybe we talked about something here. They're like someone in chat said look at the auto gpt repo graph
It's literally the graph you just showed
And it's like yeah, like right
Yeah, it's it's there. There is cool stuff happening chat or the chat gpt code interpreter thing looks super sweet
But like almost none of us can even try it. So whatever. I don't know. I'm off the
I'm I'm still paying attention
But until we get more
Things shipped products shipped
I think I'm I think I'm kind of chilling for now. All right
Why don't we talk about oh and and sorry one other thing because people keep spamming this
I know a lot of the new ai stuff is open source stuff
Totally and that's fantastic. I'm not saying it's bad. I'm not saying they're moving slowly
I think they are moving super super fast
I am also thinking that they aren't
Quite a hundred percent there and one of the reasons why they're moving really fast
Is is like the the leaks and whatnot that we've been seeing that the transparency on what
Data sets that these companies are using to feed their models
um
And a lot of other kind of stuff like that people breaking off from these big companies to start
Startups that are currently working in the open source base. So they just sort of happen to know what's going on over there
Stuff like that is happening a lot right now, which is fantastic. It's very cool. Um
But it's the same thing
Um, so it's it's not like the most exciting talk. What a way you know what else is happening a lot right now
What's that amd's new u-class of chips. Oh, okay. I know
that
On wan show it's not necessarily the best place to get your news about an upcoming cpu or
Or gpu because we can't you know, put up all the graphs and and all that kind of stuff that is that is really helpful for
Understanding just how good this product is
But you don't need that what you need is hype hype hype hype hype hype hype hype because these things are amazing
amd has released specs and performance data for its new zen 4 rise in 70 40 u
phoenix series processors. They're designed for thin and light laptops. So these are like
15 to 30 watt cpus like
The framework laptop 13
I'm so excited
Not just as an investor. I just want one in my laptop
They're based on zen 4
Okay, so latest cpu architecture with rdna 3
Based radeon 700 m gpus and team red says these chips should be able to go head to head with apple's m2 processors
With the flagship 78 40 u supposedly performing 75
Better than the m2 in past mark 10
you notice apple's whole apple silicon thing like started out like
really strong
And in typical apple mac fashion has kind of got
Oh, good enough just deflated. Let's leave it where it is
Like remember when they launched the mac pro and they were like, yeah, we're back with upgrade ability
And it's going to be different this time and they launched the mac pro and then never updated it again
Why do they
Just why are they so apathetic toward their mac users? I don't know. It's kind of shocking. Yeah
Anywho
amd also claims victory over intel's competing 13th gen chip the core i7 13 60p by 30 to
228 percent on various tests
If you look closely and this is really cool. Uh, this chart is from
Uh, a non-tech credit a non-tech for this chart. This is amazing if you look closely
Uh, hold on
Okay, I can't uh dan. Can you move uh us?
Please. Yeah, thank you one sec
The ryzen 7 7 8 40 u bears a lot of resemblance to the ryzen z1
Extreme they both have eight core 16 threads
Really, that's how you do. You know, it doesn't matter. Uh, 12 cus in their igpu
uh 16 megs of level 3 cache
and
A maximum 30 watt tdp
How interesting. Oh, I did that just in time. Yeah, it's fine. Uh, the ryzen z1 extreme is going to be powering the rog ally when it launches next week
These chips are amd's first to launch with ryzen ai which is powered by its xd and ai architecture courtesy of the company's acquisition of xilinx last year
Ryzen ai will apparently power upcoming features in windows 11 like the studio effects pack that can be only used with
AI hardware. It's possible people will be able to hack around it, but it will almost certainly
Result in additional power consumption, which on a mobile device would not be desirable
So just because you can work around it doesn't necessarily mean that you should
Speaking of windows being optimized for certain chips. This is great windows 12 might end up optimized for custom
Microsoft silicon arm based socs if multiple new job listings for chip designers are any indication
Would you buy microsoft silicon?
Well, don't look too enthusiastic
I find with a lot of microsoft hardware products
There's a bunch of really cool stuff
and then there's some like
Glaring drawback problems
Yeah, and then there's not necessarily like
It's not like apple's perfect. You know, I think the fact that they rugpulled 3d touch, which was the coolest feature ever
Sucks, you know, yeah
But in general
If you upgrade from an iphone to an iphone from a mac to a mac you can expect some degree of continuity
And that was definitely intentional
whereas
On the windows side and even within microsoft's own surface products
I don't feel like that same thing exists
They don't have the same level of commit and whether that's an unwillingness to continue to invest in things that
Or not immediate w's or whether that's just maybe not
Thinking ahead enough as to like what about the viability of a product like microsoft has some like serious wins in the hardware space
But you know sofs in the name they've always felt like a software company like uh
Do they do they still can can you still do they still have that aio that you can like stick the surface dial to the screen or whatever?
Oh, yeah
The surface dial is apparently still a thing with 363 reviews on the microsoft store
On surface. I can't even remember what some of their pcs were called surface surface studio or
Studio people are saying studio. Is that the one? Okay. Can you still buy a surface studio?
I remember even when it launched it had last gen hardware in it. Yeah, have they updated this bloody thing. Okay. Let's have a look at it
Am I am I just ignorant? Nope. It's still like $9,000. I want just the screen. This is a laptop
Okay, now hold on just a gosh darn minute computers
Uh, so who wants to all of my surface studio two plus
Okay, did I just did I just miss something here? Is this is this current? Yep starting from 6,000 canadian dollars
Where's my text back set?
Uh, okay, that's still a 28 inch display, which is like fine
11th gen processor. No, this has not been updated
So this is just can I can I order this thing 11th gen processor 32 gigs of ram and a 1 terabyte ssd
For six grand non-user serviceable. I've repaired one. They're brutal. This is just
languishing
And it was you know, some parts of it were were cutting edge. So thunderbolt 4 is still it's got windows 11
relevant
Is this real I can actually order this outdated computer
Wow, I'm sure glad I customized this I can choose
English keyboard or terrible keyboard
Is that it select a configuration? I mean, well, yeah, what other one am I going to select Microsoft?
My options are that and that
And then I can decide if I want any Microsoft 365 with that
Uh, no, I don't want additional protection
This is it I can get a wireless headset
Um, an ugly mouse or a different ugly mouse
Wow
Yeah, so that's the thing like where's your where's your commit and it's not like okay
We just criticized apple for releasing a literal $40,000 computer that they then
Pretend start immediately start pretending doesn't exist anymore. Yeah, right
But this is regular for Microsoft. It's like it's like it's like Netflix, right?
So you you kind of sit there and go. Oh, yeah, I love this paradigm where I have this like zero gravity hinder whatever
And I can put my dial on my thing and I can do all this stuff
Will this continue to get any development? Like what's going on with the surface duo?
AJ's all
I guess AJ uses the french canadian keyboard layout. I'm sorry to hear that
You employ this man
AJ's great. He can he can have an exception. He can have his he can have his bad his bad
Okay, what what's going on with this thing?
Microsoft has just started casually low-key not providing regular updates for it
Um, I saw an article that was and I don't know how true the the speculation about the reassignment of the team is but
Someone's saying it's updated each year. Apparently not the processor
Oh, yeah, no that it's not fair to just say like, yeah, we ship with a more up-to-date
Operating system. Yeah, that's not an else is updated. Yeah 11th gen 11th gen
It at rtx 30 60
like
I don't know
Was it was it? Well, hold on a second. Did the original one happen?
I think it has been updated because I did the video on the first one
Okay, so like it's been a minute dude. It's been
Probably like seven years
It must have received at least one update, but it is not currently up to date. I would say
Okay, well, maybe maybe I'm just being mean, but yeah surface duo is another one that I'm just kind of looking at going
Yeah, really?
I mean if you search for surface studio, this is another thing too like
I guess even if they are updating this thing
Does anyone care?
So we've got this one result and then it's just laptop
Oh, wait. No. No. No. We've got no one PC. Okay. Is anyone buying this thing?
Again like I said, oh wow
No reviews yet be the first
Whoa
That's a yikes
That's a big yikes
Okay, cool
I think we have some news. Oh we do
Oh
Yeah, just give me a second here guys. No
No time given
Geez
Now everybody's expecting something breaking news
I think we have breaking news
Okay. Oh, oh, it's all going wrong. My phone's going off now. Oh geez
We have news. Oh
Oh, we have news. Oh. Oh, it's good news
Oh, yeah, what did you think we was trying to leave some suspense?
Would you like to see the news? Okay. Yes hit it hit it. Okay. He said yes
I believe he said yes
Yeah, it was it was our pleasure. Thank you very much
Um, it's a lot of fun. We've had kind of we've had some requests for from people to uh, you know
Do stuff before I receive a shocking number of wedding invitations
No, really though
They don't even give them to me anymore because I'm just like, yeah, this is super weird. I really just don't think I'm gonna
I I actually
I have to confess
I almost went once when I found out about the wedding invitation thing because apparently they just would never give them to me
I was like, oh, that's hilarious. We should do a channel super fun where we all show you wedding crash
Just the whole gang the entire company
We have a response from them too
um
Sorry, we have a response from who? Um from our new couple
Um, he said yes tell Linus and luke. I am so so happy and really appreciate of their help
appreciative of their help awesome
um
But anyway, I would actually be very funny. I was talked out of it because it would also be
Uh, very disruptive. I mean there's family there and the venue would have no idea that this is happening and like
Like I would just not the idea was that I would just not rsvp and then we would just
show
It would
Be really funny though. It'd be really funny
Anyway, the point is don't invite me to your wedding because we're not doing that. I was talked down. Yeah
Yeah
Uh
Judge protects anonymity of eight redditors
So the background here is a group of film studios
We're trying to prove that internet service provider astound was turning a blind eye to piracy committed by its customers
They demanded that reddit unmask the identity of certain users who commented on posts about piracy
Including they wanted the ip address registration and logs from january first 2016 to present
They wanted the name email address and other account registration information
reddit provided some information on at least one user but refused to unmask the rest
leading the studios to file a subpoena
reddit responded that this was a phishing expedition
Uh four of the users never mentioned astound two mentioned astound
But weren't talking about copyright infringement and one user's comment was from 2014
outside the time frame of the lawsuit
And american law anonymous communication has traditionally been protected as part of the right to free speech
Because it shields people expressing unpopular opinions from potential retribution
The judge ruled that the studios had not demonstrated a compelling need to overrule the user's free speech rights
So there you have it. Um, you can still talk about piracy on reddit including naming your isp
I don't know how long that'll last but
Every once in a while something goes right speaking of which
Biofire is getting ready to release
America's first commercial smart gun. Oh, what uh, they're a startup
They're launching a smart gun with facial recognition and fingerprint unlock that will fire only for registered users
Okay, well, this is bs. Oh, don't worry. We're getting to that. Okay
The gun will be available as soon as the fourth quarter of this year making it potentially the first
Commercially available smart gun in the u.s. There are however smart guns available abroad. Just can you relax?
This is wrong broad that require the user to wear a linked smart watch or similar device
So the shtick here is that it's using fingerprint and facial recognition
60 percent of gun owners apparently say they would be interested in a smart gun
And the potential for the technology has been around for a long time in 2000
Both colt and smith and wesson agreed to create government sponsored smart guns, but they were boycotted by gun owners
and
Evidently that never happened
Now there is some concern around these products that they may not fire when needed and during a demonstration earlier this week
club fur
Okay, I guess that's name
Fired the gun then another demonstrator picked it up pulled the trigger and nothing happened
When club fur took the gun again, it failed to fire twice then fired correctly
A second prototype worked as expected
You have 20 seconds to comply. Okay, luke now you can talk about the smart gun. It's just it's not true
It's not the first what do you mean? These have existed for years in america. I don't care
You think america's not gonna have a gun like
Gun exists in world a gun in america. These have to be true at the same time
like
I don't care. It's just not true. There's like there's videos of people defeating these from years ago
The first one. I remember somebody just took a magnet
They they held the the the pistol and they just took a magnet and they went bonk and then it fired no matter what
It just immediately was just steel. Yeah, it just immediately defeated it. These have not only existed
But they have been terrible for years like
We are the first to release and I can't believe the amount of coverage they got on this
I googled fire arm requires fingerprint to fire and it's
Everywhere all from just this one how biofire
Got this coverage is wild when no they are not first to market
I can't believe people would lie on the internet
It's wild
I think the facial recognition thing like sure, but where do you define?
smart
Like what yours is smart because it's fingerprint and facial recognition the previous ones weren't smart because they were just fingerprint
What if someone requires like something else?
What if someone requires like a 2fa code?
I say it's smart when it has like chat gpt integration
And chat you have to talk it out of shooting you chat gpt
Has evolved to the point where it doesn't tell you to kill yourself
So I want like a really, you know
top functioning
You know large language model that you know will kind of
Advise me on the proper use of it. You know, maybe maybe that's smart. That's not a smart gun
Bullets on the blockchain
Anyway, that was the whole reason that I wanted this topic in here so that I could talk about chat gpt on a gun
And I think it's time for us to move on to when show after hours, which is basically more of that
Oh
Help we have a new banner for that. I'm gonna click this button and let's see if it does anything
Hey, now I get to get up. Hey, there we go. Cool
Wow, did that even change the the corner at the corner. Oh my god. It says after dark under. Okay. Um, I'm sure glad
I rip one
No, actually, why does it smell like fart?
um
Did you did you crap yourself? No, because that's a possibility. I mean you technically didn't ask me if I crapped myself
So that's not ruled out yet. Oh my goodness
That was wild. Okay. Anyways, um
March messages, I'm gonna start trying to I've already been trying to respond to some of them through text
I'm gonna jump in and try to do more now
We will fall into our formation
Yeah, if you guys want to deal with some potentials, I'll start yelling at you with the curated. Okay. Here we go
Dear Linus being very busy CEO of LMG and trying to eat healthy slash feed a family sounds very hard
Have you ever thought of hiring a private chef?
sincerely someone who makes food for money
um
The only reason that I haven't is that I don't want my kids to grow up with a chef
Yeah, I feel I don't necessarily know that we've talked about that, but I knew that answer
Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah, and I respect that I well the thing is like, okay
that I'm gonna play devil's advocate
against myself right now because
um
What if by having a private chef my kids were exposed to far more variety in their diet
and healthier food
You know Yvonne and I would never be an interesting way to do it
Maybe is if you had your kids cook with the private chef if it was like a cooking tutor
Okay, cooking tutor sure. Um, but I mean
Okay, sure, maybe uh, look, I don't know. I'll get to that in a second
But like realistically, you know Yvonne and I are like any other
both parents work family and sometimes
Um, like one thing we're really good about is we always send our kids to school with lunch
Uh, so they never go to the cafeteria
Even though that is technically an option. Um, so they always bring a bring bring food from home
Um, but occasionally that food ain't great
You know, we'll be up at midnight and we're kind of going. Oh, holy crap
We don't have anything for lunches tomorrow and we'll like just whip up some annies, you know
Mac and cheese or whatever and throw it in a throw it in a thermos. All right kids enjoy. I mean, they love it obviously
But it's not good for them. It's not healthy, right? It's got so much sodium in it
I have no idea
But I would assume annies is better than like a craft and dinner thing. Well, sometimes they get craft dinner too, right?
Fair enough, you know, right
and so
from a from a from a what's what's healthier for your children
Is it to is it to eat the healthiest food that builds the best brain function and and body function and growth?
Or is it to, you know, live on the in the real world where people don't actually have a chef that makes them food every day, right?
Um, would would they end up more helpless?
I mean, I think your idea of having having them help with food prep is great in theory
But I can tell you we have lots of great ideas in theory
Like I have the idea in theory of creating some kind of bonus system
Where if you're the first one dressed in downstairs and eating your breakfast
Then you get some kind of star that gets you some kind of reward
Because positive reinforcement works so much better than negative reinforcement, but in practice it's early and I'm tired and I'm just gonna say
Get downstairs. We gotta go like you just yell at them, right? Like so it's
Yes
But realistically if the kids are not helpful that day or busy with they're still gonna make the food or whatever
And kids are smart. They're gonna figure that out. Oh, I'm conveniently busy. Yeah
Oh, I have to go to the bathroom one of my middle child is like the queen of that
Okay, guys need to empty the dishwasher
Okay, you have to go to the bathroom and then the dishwasher is three quarters empty by the time she comes back
She puts away two things and she's like I helped and I'm like, yeah, uh, you're looking at the king of that trick
Go do something else. I used to be really bad for that and my family thought it was intentional
But I just have really intense gamer bladder
And I would stand up for the first time after a very long time
And then actually just need to go to the washroom and I used to get in arguments where I'd be like
Just leave a bunch of it for me. Like I'm not I'm not trying to avoid it. I'm not saying that's what's happening here
But definitely not. Yeah, that used to happen to me
All right next up. Okay
Do you have any comment on all the eight gigabits of vram not being enough conversations? It's gigabytes, but um
I mean, yeah, yeah, this happens all the time
game developers keep, you know pushing the envelope and
Graphics card manufacturers. I mean, okay
So you gotta you gotta look at what is a gpu, right?
You've got the sand in the middle the gpu itself
And that the intellectual property is mostly owned by your amd. You're invidia or your intel. So the the the
manufacturer
Some of the ip may be co-developed with a samsung or a tsmc or whatever else for that particular chip
but but largely the ip is owned by
That designer of that silicon and so while there's a lot of cost associated with it to the board manufacturer
Or to you the consumer the actual cost on that is largely in the development
of it
Right now there is obviously what they pay for silicon wafers from a tsmc or a samsung
But a lot of that cost is intellectual property
So there's great margin in it is what i'm trying to say
Ram on the other hand
Is not the intellectual property of invidia or amd. They help contribute to standards like graphics ddr
Or hbm i think to a degree
But they don't own that
And so when they buy ram they buy it from samsung or micron or whoever else
There's a lot less margin in buying commodity memory and strapping it to a board
There's also basically no margin in integration of things like heat sinks and pcbs like vrms, right?
So then with all that in mind if i am trying to reduce my
My total bill of materials does it make sense to build a crappier gpu?
Or do i want to put a really good gpu on it that has lots of cool ai tech that helps me sell my product?
Or do i want to downgrade the memory that has a much bigger cost and is much less marketable?
Well i don't want to put on any more frame buffer than i absolutely have to that memory
So that's where they're going to try and
They're going to try and lower their bomb cost or the bill of materials cost for the graphics card for the completed card
Invidia does spend money in weird ways sometimes like when they first started putting these super high-end coolers on their cards
I guess this is back in the 700 series these like cast aluminum
Heat sink shrouds and like these really fancy, you know machined back plates and stuff
Uh, I it kind of never made sense to me because i'm sitting here going like oh well that's that's unnecessary
That doesn't contribute to performance. That's very non-traditional
And then you know they go and do weird things like the three and a half gig ram thing with the 900 series
um
So is it necessarily the best?
Uh, is it the best plan for them to cost up a heat sink and cost down on memory?
I don't know. I i'm not an engineer
But I can tell the community is not happy about it and yeah more vram is absolutely a great way to future-proof your
Purchase but I will say this too. It feels like it's making a bigger difference right now than I'm used to it making in the past
We've seen two and four gig versions four and eight gig versions of the same cards many times in the past many times in the past
And the general rule often has been that by the time that vram is a limitation for you
Realistically the performance of that gpu is going to be a bigger limitation
But we're seeing people modifying these graphics cards putting extra memory on them and getting much better performance
and that's over the last couple of generations now so
Yeah, I can I can see some justification for amd's
Snark that they've been throwing at in video about how they've been kind of cheeping out on video frame buffer
I just got a message from our community
Uh coordinate. Oh, could you mention this on behalf of the ltt folding team? It's on the wansh
I missed it because it was buried with the merch stuff. Yeah
ltt is competing in the boink pentathlon
Uh, it's a two-week competition where teams lend their unused processing power to perform calculations for five different projects in science
physics and mathematics
ltt has competed only twice before with our best rank being sixth overall in 2021
The event has been running for around 24 hours at this point. We're currently in sixth place
There are over a thousand dollars of prizes up for grabs
Um, and if you're up to the challenge, you can come on and join the team prizes include 10 100 ltt store gift cards
And a handful of steam gift cards prizes are a raffle from all active participants
So no matter how powerful your computer is you have the same chance to win the link will be posted in chat
And I will do that now
Pretty awesome. This is one of the things this is the kind of thing that we want our community coordinator doing because it's like
It's not like we don't want to throw prizing it the community and support these kinds of things
It's just that I don't personally have time to oversee it
So I I need someone to actually follow up and you know send out prizing and that sort of thing. This is great
Fantastic. Thank you very much for the reminder
I
Was going to say name, but I think this individual is not off probation. Cool
hit me again
Sure thing. Hey l l and d love the show a question luke might be able to answer
I bought some bird seed recently. How long does it take for the birds to grow once I plant them?
The cashier couldn't answer me
I
What how long that's not it's not you feed it to the birds
Huh
I'm a security professional at a game company finding it infuriating the uber siso stated
Skated his cybercrime charges. It's a lot of seeds. I want to start again
That's a lot of seeds in this one. I'm a security professional at a game company finding it infuriating the uber siso
Skated on his cybercrime charges. There you go. Are you worried about being held liable for one of your employees?
Uh
Did I miss something here? I was replying to text one. I I think we for one of your employees
I don't know if we technically know the full story there. Is uber getting pinned with this. Is that what's going on?
I don't know
um
Are you worried about being held liable for one of your employees? I mean, yeah
absolutely
Like it is it is it is totally possible for someone here
to
Say something or do something that could maybe not legally
Um cause problems for me, but absolutely
Perceptually cause problems like I think if if someone here came out as some kind of hyper toxic
um, you know
Like let's let's let's pick something sort of unequivocally bad like a nazi supporter or something like that
Um, I think that if we didn't take any kind of action that could that could reflect really poorly on our company and on me personally
so
Yeah, definitely. It's something that we're concerned about and it's something that we try to
Try to be cognizant of as we're as we're continuing to build our team
As we want to make sure that to the greatest degree we can
Everyone who works here is like kind of awesome, you know, that's I think a pretty
Shouldn't be that hard, but it's but it's difficult
But I think it's a good and worthwhile goal and something that I actually talked to our hr department about like earlier this week
It's like what do we care about we care about?
You know working with people that you know want to be here and want to and and are are excited about
You know what they're doing and what our mission is right, which is to
Make consumer electronics and technology more exciting and more accessible to people
If you don't care about that and you don't want that then you should go work somewhere else
Where they do something that you do want to do and that you are excited about like that's fine
Right, you don't have to work here
Yeah
Okay up next. Hi l ld thoughts on licensure for software or electronics engineers like the more
Additional engineering disciplines ethics rules could require that engineers don't enact anti consumer practices, for example
Okay, so this is a whole thing where
Engineer can be a protected term where you can't call yourself an engineer unless you have gone through a particular program
And or you are a member of a particular
Organization that
Has its own sort of internal
Governing rules for your behavior
um
I think it would be super cool
if you know the engineering body had rules like
Yeah, members who want to call themselves engineer
Cannot enact anti consumer practices
But they would basically just create a situation where every licensed engineer or certified engineer or whatever you want to call it
Would be utterly unemployable because many companies
And it's a it's a weird thing, but many companies seem to put themselves on
Opposite sides of a struggle with their customers
For how they can extract more money from them, right? And so I think that it would be it's noble
But I don't think it's realistic. I was having a similar conversation about this with someone very recently actually
Where it was basically along the lines of yeah, it would be great if everyone kind of came together and said, you know
What let's not do that anymore?
um
Oh man, what was it?
It was microsoft
If microsoft could put pressure on
Uh was something it was like some kind of like awful like software
Software behavior or something like that and I was like, yeah, that would be great. But it just yeah, it was the same answer, right?
It's just it's just not realistic. They'll find another way around
exploiters gonna exploit
Keep the new despad designs coming
Question are there any products on lttstore.com that you would
Consider a flop or underperformer or any products that were better than expected
The towels
Are better than expected
Everybody needs towels sold like a hundred towels today
like what
Why towels? I mean, yeah, they've got a cool keyboard design and they're good towels. I'm not like I'm not down on the towels or anything
I just thinking about getting some towels to be honest mine. It might are a little old around
Yeah, I need new towels as well. Yeah, everybody needs towels like maybe it's just one of those things where sometimes accidentally
We just kind of go man shopping for towels sucks. Yeah, what if there was just a place to get
You know towels at this, you know, just know they're gonna be good and it's fine price any size you want
um
I don't know. I don't get it because we we we had got them back in stock last week. I think and they've just been
crushing it since then
Um as for flops
Oh man, I could tell you about some flops
Our first attempt at women's clothing was a pretty big flop
I mean the reviews are pretty good for the the original sweatpants and cropped hoodie
But the sales have not
not been
Very strong
I can tell you guys that much
I mean, there's a lot of stuff that's kind of middling. I think that we're gonna have to come up with some
Actually, you know what? Why don't why don't we talk about it?
the one time that we've kind of
Taken it to price on products from ltt store was um black friday
And I think what we'll probably do is continue to have that be like
You know the time that we'll run, you know price promos or whatever else
But there may be one other time and I think we're gonna kind of piggyback on prime day
And we're gonna do lime day
They might not be sweet deals, but they're sour and tangy in a delightful way
That's like kind of
Kind of what i'm thinking for it
Lime day, so maybe like nothing actually gets discounted, but there's like it'll be good though bundles
No, no, no, no, no. No, I'm talking just like well, we'll take stuff that's like, yeah, this isn't really working and just blasted away
Yeah, I I expect isn't that how like are they all work?
That's what we did on black friday. Yeah, but isn't that what like everybody does?
Um, I mean well no because amazon just hikes the price up in the months leading up to it
So i'm saying we won't do like lie about it. No. Yeah, cool. Oh, no, no, no
No, we're gonna if we discount something
It's because this is the normal price and we are blowing it away
Yeah, so you're gonna have to move pretty fast if you want to get your hands on any of that stuff
I I don't know
Which items we're gonna do. I think I have a meeting with nick next week to figure out what kind of things we're gonna run for lime day
Um
But I do have some candidates in mind some stuff. I okay, I'd say our sweatband set hasn't been a smash hit
We've never restocked it. We're still sitting on like thousands of units from our initial order
But they're sweatbands. They don't take up a ton of space
They have reasonable margins. So they don't cost a ton to store. We make money on them and
They're well reviewed. So it's not like we're it's not like they're a problem. They're just
You know selling a little bit slowly. So that's fine
There
Okay, illd
Tech like ar and interactive content has transformed my industry broadcast media
Are there any technologies that have fundamentally transformed how ltt operates? Um, and is there any horizon besides ai?
I'd say the biggest one that's impacting us right now and will continue to impact us is
Well, okay, you say besides ai, but too bad
Is the ability to reach new audiences through ai-generated?
transcription translation
and voice generation
Because at our
Scale it's just
Yeah, obviously I'd love to hire dedicated translation teams and professional voice actors for every possible
Dialect of every possible language, but it's not
Feasible if we're we are not mr. Beast
right if there's
A hundred million speakers of one language and we're getting a hundred thousand views of okay. Let's let's take mr
Beast, okay, right?
So you've got however many like a billion plus english speakers if he takes his video and he translates it for a billion, you know
Hindi speakers he can double his views which would be 30 or 40 million views of video
That cost is is is negligible
Whereas if we take our english viewership and we translate it to let's say
portuguese, okay, so we get
Millions but not hundreds of millions and certainly not a billion right compared to our english-speaking audience or or english accessible audience
All of a sudden, okay, if we can get a million or two million views, maybe we get like 200,000
Those economics don't make any sense
So and even even for something like hindi they don't necessarily make sense because
The cpms for views in those languages and views in those regions are so much lower that it's not like you're just doubling your reach
So for us we need tools that make it more cost effective for us to support more languages and I'd say that's going to
Probably not double our business, but could help us
Grow 10 or 20 percent just by by reaching a broader audience over the next couple of years as we work that into our workflow
Apparently there are only approximately 350 million hindi speakers
So I guess a lot of Punjabi as well. I don't know the actual like dialects. It's a lot of people. Yeah, it's still a lot
Hey, luke. I just
read
How you doing?
I just read the news that scientists taught pet parrots to video call each other
What do you think about using tech not to make ownership easier but making the lives of pets easier?
I think it's super cool. Yeah. Yeah, I I don't know if I talked to you about this
I should have sent you the article, but I probably forgot it's actually really wild
They they taught parrots to video call each other
And they found that over time they made friends
And those friends would more frequently call each other
So it wasn't necessarily even just that the one would like learn to press the one button more easily
Because the other one would also be like, oh, this one's my friend
So it would call that one back as well
And they would like go get their toys and like show their friend on the video call the toy
And they seem to understand that their friend is only in this thing
But they can like call them when they want and like they introduce them in person after and see if they still recognized each other
I don't think so
But like actually
Super cool
That's wild
And like there was clearly they like enjoyed it and they're having fun and they're being social and all this kind of stuff very very interesting. Yeah
But yeah, I don't know
I mostly just wanted to explain the story of what they were basing that merch message off of because that's super interesting
And yeah, if you can use tech to enhance the lives of your pets, why not? That sounds great. That's super cool
So, yeah
Next up I feel like I already read this one
Yeah, and okay. Hey LLD. Love watching the wan show, but how
Do you always keep the discussion interesting? Is there a threshold for the cutting room floor?
Oh boy, I don't know that's a good question
We can we can be pretty vicious about topics
Yeah
I mean you look at the way that I will sort of
Okay, I think AI is a perfect example of this where lukes
Patience for it was a little bit longer than mine
And it starts with oh no lukes gonna talk about AI again, you know as a as a
A cue as a as a prompt that hey, this is probably kind of getting there
You might want to keep this one short like that's the that's the unspoken
undertone of the joke that I'm making and then if he doesn't
Get the clue and I'll be like all right. Let's move on and he does the same thing to me
So I think that between the two of us how quickly we get bored with things
Helps us to keep the conversation moving
Um
And realistically like you guys I think
I think the cynical among you won't believe me
So you can just plug your ears and go la la la and pretend this isn't happening
But for the rest of you
This is not actually that dissimilar to what it's like when we just are on discord
He in particular swears a lot less on wancho than he does on discord
I think neither of us is as politically correct on discord
Because we don't have to be and we're tired or whatever
It takes we're we're getting older it takes energy because I honestly just forget like there's certain terms that aren't
It's moving really fast and it's actually kind of hard to keep up with i'm trying but yeah
Yeah, um
There was there was one time not even that long ago. We went out to dinner after wan
It ended up just continuing to talk about tech stuff the whole time. Yeah, so like
Why didn't we even stop the show? We just needed food. How do we keep it?
You know interesting. Well, I don't know as long as I'm interested in what he's saying and I feel like hanging around with him
And vice versa the wancho will be
It's gonna be fine
That's pretty much it
Okay, uh, this one's from sarah need more women's underwear colors
Guys if you were to support a new ltt channel that isn't completely tech or gaming
What topic do you think would be the easiest to get off the ground? Oh?
Easy
Yeah, easiest is tough. No, because I would oh
Okay, I'm sure I'm I'm ready automotive. Oh, okay. That's tech though
Okay, I yeah, honestly, that's fair and we'll we'll we'll do more later
There's no way that like between jake and alex and gary who are all like giant petrol heads and they're just yeah
Yeah, never mind andy mick. There's a bunch the more you like think about it. There's more and more and more. Yeah
No
You see these guys at like the go-kart track. There's no way we don't eventually end up with some kind of dedicated car channel
It's just a matter of time. Yeah
Okay. Yeah, that one. I mean, I was gonna say like I wouldn't pick something easy
I pick something that I actually think is fun like I
Well, the question was easiest to get off the ground. Yeah, okay
But you can take it that way
Auto sure fine. Yeah, I accept it. No, I accept it. I take it fun. Take it fun
I'd want to do something with my kids. I'd want to do like, uh, I've you know what?
I've always wanted to do a like thrifting channel. Yeah, just like
Go to thrift stores and like I can turn this thing into something else or yeah
Even just I found something cool or whatever. Yeah, just find weird stuff because it's basically unboxings except you're not limited to whatever the
Shiny piece du jour is you could go look at anything from anywhere and just kind of poke at it
So you find an Atari at a garage sale. So that's the video you let you go out you're looking for something
and
You've
Find it and maybe it's broken you solder some caps you play it and your kids are like this is a crap game like, okay
Fair enough
But it was cool adventure. Yeah. Yeah, but at least you tried something, right? Yeah
Hello LL and D
Is there an ETA on when there will be big and tall sizes available?
And will there be an option for big and tall for those of us who are bigger than Linus in all three dimensions first big
And tall then big and tall if all of that goes well
No ETA
No, well big is coming
And then we'll be tall
And then assuming all goes well big and tall
I don't want to give a timeline. We're we're trying. It's more important that we get it right than that. We get it soon. Yes
Big agree. Let's see if I can get this right
Dynas duke and lan can you please explain why windows file explorers still can't show folders size on disk?
And instead of having to go into the properties. I don't know
It drives me crazy because I think it used to yeah back in windows xp. Didn't it used to and like realistically
You know the amount of crap that windows does in the background
Why isn't just probing that and making sure that it's constantly available in an index
Just a thing it does then it by all means allow me to turn it off
But it should be a feature. I used to manually run my index all the time so it would populate faster
And like I use a third party tool that does it in five seconds
And including my entire nas. Yeah, like come on bro. It's it's available. It's a thing. Yeah, it's mind boggling and the fact that it takes
So look this is f***ing metadata
You don't have to dig into the contents of you're not watching every movie on this drive
It's metadata
To me
The fact that stuff like space sniffer
Isn't a first party tool at this point is just like
Yeah, it's kind of mind blowing. What? Yeah, like winder stat. I think is a more um
Recently updated when I think space sniffer stop came we've moved on to whiz tree now
Oh whiz tree, which is like three seconds to do
500 terabytes. It's amazing wild. Wow
Um, okay moving. Oh, yeah, what what are some features that you would expect to have by now?
Or is that like the major one for you? Oh, I'm I'm sure there's stuff
But I can't think of anything off the top of my head. Okay lld
How can I read my boss's mind when he doesn't have time to tell me?
How can I accurately evaluate context clues to deliver a report that is what he's looking for?
There is no there is a question. Is this what are you even talking about what you mean?
What this is this is such a good question. Yes, it's a great question. You don't understand because you're that person
Yeah, everyone hates you for this
What?
What are you talking about? What do you mean?
How about I'm that person have you never had this experience with somebody?
Oh, I guess you're the boss. So it's like yeah, you're the person
Okay, well this question is about you're the boss that this person has to deal with
Let's uh, let's use it Vaughn as the context here
Uh, if you could pretend Vaughn is the boss
That's not pretending, but I don't deliver reports to her because she knows they won't be right. So
Um, like yeah, I don't I would I would I would never how can I
Accurately evaluate context clues to deliver a report
Is what they're looking for so Linus will do to be just I have to be fair here Linus will do both
Linus will give you
Tons of information and a perfect. This is exactly what I want all every question you could have answered here
Go do it and he'll also do
I want this thing on and they just walk away and you have to figure it out
he'll do both um
And I don't know it just kind of comes over time
Well, my expectation is that I have a world-class team full of smart people who are
Hardworking and that they will probably figure it out and if they don't figure it out
Then I will tell them what they didn't figure out and then they'll probably figure it out better next time like I
It's yeah like that's
Am I am I the idiot here for?
Not seeing the problem with this. I don't I don't think it's a huge problem
I think to a certain degree for efficiency sake you can't have like insanely detailed things every single time
Um, but sometimes it's really important like we laid out. We okay earlier this week
We had to have like an hour-long meeting about the plan for uh, how we're going to represent. Yeah, uh, how we're going to organize the
data that we present on the lab's website for for a category like gpus
There's like an actually absurd amount of information and there's a lot of valid ways to do it
So we have to kind of decide okay
Well, what do we think is the best way and in order to decide that we have to have a clear
Idea of what the vision is for the site past minimum viable product past v1 past v2
And into you know, what a v3 might look like
So that's something that I have to be involved in because I can't possibly expect anybody to know that
Yeah, but if it's
Hey, here's a product. We need to make a video about this
I expect them to go
Look at some of the the documents that we have like we have a we have a document called how to write good videos
And
Most of it is stuff that I would consider to be kind of
Common sense to a degree, but it's also even something that's common sense
It's still helpful to have written out as as a reminder, right? So here's how to how to write good videos
One the 10 laws of Linus one don't waste the viewer's time
What's the point make your point as concisely as possible while maximizing clarity? Tell me why I should care
Number two control the scope make sure your point isn't too broad
Think of the game portal its shortness is its greatness
Recognize when something has gone on for too long this involves reading it to yourself at full volume
No whispering and seeing if you run out of breath or patience
Number three load up the learning outcomes
So lay out the learnables for each section of the video
They should come fast and furious at the beginning front load the video to improve retention
Number four make it personal. Why should I care?
Either apply it to the viewer assuming the subject matter is broad enough or to yourself or Linus or someone recognizable
Five ask questions out loud then answer them. This one is so important
I expect if you are given a task
That you will ask questions and then you will answer them out loud to me later
And if you don't answer if you don't ask any questions, you won't get any answers
And then I'm going to tell you why are you here giving me a report when you haven't asked any questions and you haven't found any answers
Right. Um, I'm always fair
You don't always want questions to be asked because you're busy
No, no, I mean asking them to yourself. Oh, okay. Ask questions out loud then answer them
Is is like for for videos like that. It's just such an effective storytelling technique. Yeah, no for sure. But Linus
Why on earth would they have
It shaped like this when a square would be so much
More efficient to you know pack in next to each other and maximize volume. I'm so glad you asked the shape of a cylinder is
You know, whatever, right
Um maximizes the materials, you know, whatever
um
Number six provide context. It's not always obvious how good a screen is or amazing a microprocessor feature is
Is it the price that makes it amazing? Why should I care? That one comes up a lot
Number seven, remember who you're talking to
Every video is a potential gateway drug that pulls the viewer deeply into the hobby
But some videos have a more technical level of discourse than others
So don't talk down to the audience about a highly technical subject, but don't always assume pre-existing knowledge
Number eight plan for the payoff
Know what the payoff will need to be
So that the video culminates in something satisfying lord of the rings would have sucked if we never got to see mount doom
Don't forget a negative outcome is still an outcome
It's part of the journey and a journey can be an outcome. You just need to plan for it
number nine
Tell and show us how to feel
And this is where this is from our internal documentation
If you break it down 90 of youtube is reaction videos
reacting to news or life or tech
Don't tell me what's happening if you can show me how to feel what's happening
So instead of and this is an example from a video where someone scripted it and brought it to me and I said, yeah, it's okay
But here's how it needs to be
Yeah, look at this pixel 6 5g in the corner, but when I type these digits and check phone information
It says I'm on lte. What the heck?
Why would I say all that when I can just say?
But when I type this lte
What the heck? I don't have to say check phone information. It says I'm on lte. I have to show emotion. I have to show you how to feel
um
number 10 have fun
Fun is infectious and so is misery if you have a bad time making a video find a way to make it fun
Or you will fail which will create more misery which will create more failure
I think you complete it's very cool to go over
Because the the video bible is awesome all that kind of stuff. I think you completely dodged the actual
Maybe unintentionally, but the actual question that the person had though because you're giving an example of where you did
Lay out what you want and they're asking how do I deal with when they don't?
Well, what do I want that's not clear
You often ask for things that aren't that clear. No, I mean no, I'm I tell me I'm
Y'all what can I do better? You'll be like, oh, I want this thing. I I don't care. I don't actually mind this
Okay, dan
Oh, I have I have learned that you go I would like nebulous thing and I just
I just do the nebulous thing
Okay, and then it's normally the answer that I would give is try to look into the things that that person has
Liked or valued in the past and try to take the tenets that you can take from that and apply it to what you're currently working on
And do the best job you can it's a much more eloquent way to put what I tried to say
It's it's I mean, it's all people relationships, right? Yeah, like yeah boss employee
Friend or you know so or landlord or whatever your whole life is full of interactions with people
But they're just people like if you look sorry
Oh, I was just gonna say some so I think an example where I did give
Just an endpoint and didn't provide a lot of guidance was whale land
Yeah, I was like, let's have a land. It's gonna be sick
People to interact. That's pretty much all we like said. Yeah, I think what I try and drill down to is like
What do I think the end point of this thing that Linus wants is or why is he asking me to do this?
Um
Why is it important to him and then you can kind of base your entire task around that right?
And if you don't agree then you need to get on the same page about the importance
If you don't think it's important or you think something else is important if Linus is not correctly
Articulated why it's important to him. That's when I would ask follow-up questions
Like one example that I would give is look at creator warehouse products
Sure
If you look at a huge range of creative someone's like if you're like, hey, I want to whatever
Would yeah, I want I want a lighter where it's the shape of a butt and it looks like the flame is coming out of the
Butt and if you're wondering like how good it should be how effective it should be what materials
You should use all that kind of stuff look into the other products on the store
And you can probably figure out a like quality level design language for making this thing. Yeah, but lighter heirloom piece
yes
We will do my cat teaser at some point
It's gonna be like if you were trying to make decisions on materials
For the cat teaser thing. Yeah, you could probably figure out the direction to go in by looking at the other products on the store
Like there's there's often
Things around that can that can guide decisions
Someone in full flame chat i'd consider buying that later
Don't encourage him
I'd have to uh high l l. Oh, yeah, uh
Yeah, okay. Let's move on high l l d with the scrutiny of I guess censored content
Should people on commissions also no sponsored content. Sorry it was cut off there. Uh, should people uh
Let's try this again. Hi l l d with the scrutiny on sponsored content. Should people on commissions also be required to disclose
Uh mortgage brokers travel agents often will have incentives from companies to promote their stuff
I absolutely think so. Yeah. Yeah any kind of um, well, I mean we talked about this when we were talking about marketing the backpack recently
Um, you know anytime there's a financial incentive to do anything there is supposed to be
Uh disclosure. It's just a matter of how well regulated it is and how
Uh, how cancelled someone will get if it turns out that they were not properly disclosing things
Which these days seems to be not very cancelled because there's plenty of creators that participated in fairly egregious things
Like crypto rug pulls or whatever else that seem to be not very cancelled at all somehow
I don't I can't fathom it personally, but hey there you are. Yeah
Love the show having grown to a hundred plus employees. How do you expect to balance being a business with being a relatable creator?
Am I relatable anymore?
I mean, there's certain things that we do intentional like here's something we've we've struggled a lot with uh, hey
This is also from the how to write good videos document. It's not one of the 10 laws of Linus, but it's something
Um
Where is it?
Oh
I don't know. It seems to have been moved, but
Basically, I I laid out a guideline
For the writing team that basically says look we need to stop talking about money in subjective terms
Um, and it was have I talked about this on wancho before? Yeah. Oh, okay, then never mind. Um, yeah
I don't I don't know. It's tough because some days I feel completely out of touch
like I said with the you know, just
Sure, make it so for the three thousand dollar concrete pad for our, you know, six figure
RF chamber, right? Like obviously that's not
a real person
Situation that they find themselves in but then other times
You know, I have exactly the same challenges that you guys do like how do I manage?
The time my kids are spending on their devices and
You know, how do I make sure that?
um
You know, how do I how do I deal with a?
You know crash when my when I launched this game on my computer, right? Like that no amount of
money makes you immune to any of that no amount of
People who work for you means that you don't have to you don't freak out when your server
You know reboots and you all of a sudden your array is not showing up properly
It's like yeah, just because you have a backup doesn't mean that it didn't just create a ton of work for you
like I don't know there's
I think the most important thing is to not get too far removed from the actual tech
um
And that's tough the more people that are here
The more involved I am in administration, but I think that
I might have some ideas for how to fix that and hopefully I'll be able to share them with you guys in the coming weeks
Howdy lads going through a hard breakup right now your large library of long streams are a great distraction
If you could change one thing in the history of technology, what would it be and why more stereoscopic 3d?
I
Don't know it's cool
It's kind of still here. You know, it's just it kind of comes and goes right you got your vr now
Is it fair to talk about software features when he's asking about technology sure?
Uh microtransactions no
Delete microtransactions is a pretty good answer. I like that me too. It's better than mine. That's a very noble answer
I was just memeing
Okay, last one of my curated today
Now it's two I still run my 20 year old logitech 5.1 speakers
It's better than being tethered to a headset and a lot of game support 5.1
Letting me know when enemies are behind me. Why did Linus stop using these?
Oh, uh, I moved in with my in-laws
and
They had tenants and so using speakers is
Something I didn't I didn't really think about this when I lived in the middle of the boondocks in my parents house
But using speakers is a privilege not a right
And then I went from living very true. Yeah, I went from living with the in-laws to having children who
sleep
Nowadays, there's no real reason not to use speakers other than
Single player gaming is not really much of a thing for me anymore. And when you're a multiplayer gamer
Don't be that guy
Don't be the guy with speakers
Right
So when the heck am I ever going to use speakers? Yeah, it ends up working for me that if I'm going to use speakers
I could probably just play on the tv anyways
So then it's like kind of a combination experience, you know
Speaking of video games. Hello Linus. I'm happy to hear you finished horizon zero dawn. I hope you enjoyed it
I did do you plan on playing horizon forbidden west anytime soon or will you be waiting for a pc desk launch?
deck launch
Why would I play it on a playstation?
When I can play it later on a pc there is you know what this is this is like a funny thing that I feel like is really different
between me and other people
I don't need to do it now
I don't need to watch the movie now. I don't need to play that game now
My queue of games that I'm supposed to play is so
Flipping deep that if I started and it was my full-time job to do nothing
But play games that I want to play and are on my list of things to play or even in my steam library already
It would be
Probably a couple of years before I would get to anything current
So if something new comes out
What's the hurry?
I
It's fair and there's situations where that's totally not valid right?
Being part of the initial launch of a new multiplayer game in particular and part of the
The community and you know figuring out all the little the little tricks and stuff alongside everyone else
That's that's huge. That's so fun. That's so engaging, right?
But I
I don't have it's tough to play competitive games for me these days. I'm just not that good
And dude people are so sweaty these days
like
Whoa, it feels like man like over half the players are playing as if this could become their full-time job
Like it's well look how many people work look how many people aspire to be streamers, right? It's true. Yeah
I don't it looks rough
I do not envy streamers
Yeah, it's it's it's kind of weird like I feel like the amount of people that play multiplayer games casually
When we were growing up used to be the majority and is absolutely the minority these days like it's
It's kind of wild
Hot take they've always been sweaty. I don't agree like at all actually
Like if you I've brought up this analogy a bunch in the past actually and I think this
Directly counters that point back in the day playing multiplayer RPG games
If you got a fancy piece of armor or weapon, but it was ugly
You wouldn't wear it
If it was a stat upgrade, but you're like, ah, it looks gross
People wouldn't put it on and this I'm not making this up a lot of
Zoomer boys don't believe me, but it's actually a thing people would be like. Yeah, that's an upgrade
But like I'm wearing entirely
green armor and that's
Orange or something and it just doesn't it doesn't fit. It doesn't look good. So I'll keep it in my bags
Maybe I'll find stuff that works with it later
And now it's like you'll you'll look like a
Total random wardrobe person just as long as these things give better stats. You can compete harder
Just ah, it's a very very different mentality
Finally making my first LTT store.com purchase you've
Occasionally mentioned applications and tools you use to make your work easier
Do you use any particular human capital management software at LMG? Thanks y'all
Was that for me? Yeah, I was reading sorry
That could be both of you. I mean I didn't hear it. Uh, hcm software
Hcm. I think it's like a HR software
Uh
Human capital management sounds horrifying. I don't like that term. It sure does
Um, if the question was are we looking into it? I would say no because we don't know what it was. No
Manage their employees from hire to retire. No, but I wouldn't be surprised if
Like managing employees is absolutely a thing that you need to do and like onboarding and offboarding can be very
complicated, especially without any form of automation or system to do so
We didn't have any HR people until very recently. Uh, so maybe they'll
Approach me about getting something like this at some point in the future. I wouldn't be too surprised
I know they've been talking about certain
implementations of of
Different like online tools that they're already using
So I don't know
Maybe
We are growing things happening
Can we please have a way for digital only
ltx pass holders to purchase a custom colored screwdriver?
The flight and hotel cost would cost me nearly $2,000. I wouldn't mind a $60 tier
um
It's tough. It's very very tough to get those colorways out
I think there's some things that if we're being completely realistic
There isn't a feasible way for us to do it unless you come to the show and I know that's a tall ask
And it's not going to work for everyone, but it doesn't mean that we shouldn't make it cool for the people that can show up
Um, and you have talked about like maybe we'll put some extras up or something. They wouldn't be
Build to order though. Absolutely not. There's be random colors
There's just no way for us to handle that with our distribution and assembly partner. Yeah, and it's local like
Someday someday
maybe
But it is not something that we're set up for right now if I had to
I don't know if I want to throw this out there
But hey here it goes. Um, you know if an enterprising individual who's going to be attending the show
Wanted to coordinate with people who can't attend the show and buy more than one in person
You know that all sounds very
community oriented and all that
Uh, but we're not gonna we're not going to allow people to buy a hundred drivers either
So don't kid yourself. You're not going to be showing up and like buying our entire stock and like, you know making a
A side hustle business out of doing this
But if if people show up and they buy like two or three and we're not going to tell them no
So I'd say that might be a way maybe find someone who's going
Sorry
Linus being a supreme commander player and being alive for as long as you have
I assume you've also experienced total annihilation and it's amazing music. What's your favorite or favorites video game soundtrack?
Oh, wow, that's a good question
Do you have a favorite video game soundtrack for a long time? It was the bastion soundtrack. I liked that a lot
Um, I used to run to that all the time
Um, I've spent so much time listening to final fantasy 6. I never ever get sick of it
Um, but like there's some there's some just amazing like main theme songs
Like if I just had to pick, you know, biggest bangers like obviously, you know, halo's got to be up there
You know, like it's just the halo intro is sick. It's so good, right?
I've often been into music without lyrics because
That's exactly enough distraction for me that I can stay focused on things. Well the second you have lyrics
I start saying them in my head
And it's bad
So I used to like I would just put on like the ftl soundtrack
But I don't think it's necessarily even that great. It was just something that I had heard a lot because I liked that game
Um for like chill vibes. I used to like the the grizzly hills ambience
Um, just random stuff like that. I don't know
Nobody's talking about metal gear rise
My birds listen to the assassin's creed 4 c shanties all the time
Always are they're video calling each other?
I wish that is so cool
Okay, last one I have here in the curated question for Linus in retrospect
Did the roast of Linus Sebastian hurt in the moment? How do you feel about it watching it back if you ever do?
Not was hilarious and it's still hilarious. Um, there's so much
Far too much truth in there. Um
So good
Yeah, that's a proper roast. It should be truthful
Um, and now we're into potentials with you guys every time I watch it back
I forget things that happened and just burst out laughing. Yeah, it's so funny
Oh man
Hi Linus and Luke. I really admire your leadership skills as a business owner
How do you go about developing your leadership skills and the philosophy that lets you guide your decision making?
I mean honestly so much of it just comes down to the golden rule
like
Maybe part of it is just
Because I did used to work as a low-level employee and I do remember it like it just seems
It seems kind of common sense. Um, you know, say please say thank you
Um, you know, don't make people
Feel like they're being dismissed if they need to be dismissed
Acknowledge that you know
Explain why you have to do it make time later
Like just I don't know just
Don't be rude
It's all Bill and Ted, right?
Be excellent to each other
And if you if you can't if you screw up sometimes
What what is what is up with people and thinking apologizing is not cool anymore
Like, you know back backing down, you know, you should never apologize like what's up with that
If you make a mistake current thing, I don't think I've seen that. Yeah, you know, no, it's it's a thing in certain
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I think it's really dumb toxic masculinity. I don't know. It's toxic something toxic something
I've been shopping for a new ultra-wide monitor and I'm struggling to figure out the differences between hdr 10 or 400 or whatever
Oh
I see so hdr 400 is nonsense hdr 600 is okay hdr 1000 is pretty good and those are
The capabilities of your display and then there's also the like OLED version where 600 and up is is pretty good actually
um
As for hdr 10 versus dolby
Uh dolby vision versus hlg
That just comes down to whatever content you're going to be consuming and uh, which format it was
Mastered in so it all comes down to what content you'll be consuming hdr 10 plus
Seems like it might kind of win, but dolby vision still doing pretty good and then hlg I think has pretty good support in tv
So there's no clear
winner and what we really need is someone to at this point to develop a
A metadata interpreting middleware
For the metadata interpreting standards so that you can just interpret all of them correctly. I don't know
There's devices like that for home theater use that will take whatever content and then
You know adjust it so that every frame is is
Perfectly balanced within the capabilities of your display, but they're like shockingly expensive still I think
Now there's one that I accidentally got rid of do you think we'll ever see a return of 3ds type screens on more mainstream devices?
Like phones or a steam deck competitor next gen switch
Um, we're going to see 3d laptops with glasses free 3d. Um, I've seen prototypes in person
They look shockingly good. I don't know that they'll go mainstream. I think they might be more professional, but yeah, they're really good
Okay, last for you here. Hey dll given the variations for the wan hoodie
What is the likelihood that we will see different color ways for the windbreaker?
I've noticed linea seems to wear the short circuit hoodie most often now
Oh, sorry one second. I missed a little bit of that
You're going to get new colors for the wan hoodie
Not anytime soon
No, it's going to be when in short circuit for quite a while
Hey dll as a fold four user
My biggest gripe is whenever I fold it closed it closes the app and kicks me to the home screen
Does yours do this as well? It's a setting
Uh, there's you'll have to look it up
But in the settings you can tell it which apps app by app you want to continue where you left off if you close the phone
That's the default behavior though is what you're seeing
Hi me from the future
Linus you mentioned during a beat saber live stream that you were trying the big screen beyond and it had
Some issues have you tested it since and what's your review of it? It's super cool
Um, I actually I have a bunch of notes on it and I I I think either
Either adam from the writing team has not kept up with talking to them or they haven't replied
Either way, I you know, I want to cover it at some point, but it's been kind of stalled
Um, so I can just tell you guys what I have down so far
I think
No, I don't see the dock
Big screen is it big screen one word? I don't know. I made a bunch of notes
Basically the fineness of the display is amazing the contrast of the displays
So amazing really really cool. Yeah, I can't find my dock doesn't matter
um
But there's some issues with the lenses where they kind of lens flare
On bright objects that I find pretty distracting
And I'm having an issue that might have been resolved by now
But I was having an issue with the mic a few weeks back that made it so that if any
Application was using the onboard usbc audio device
Uh, the microphone wouldn't work in obs so I couldn't hear my game and also stream
So I was like, well, this is stupid. I'm not going to use this
I love the lightweight. I love the the custom fit
But there's there's just a deal breaker that I can't deal with for now
I think there's four incoming merge messages that are all linus related and then we're
Oh, but yeah doneers
Uh, okay
Ooh, can you give us some linus text tips?
Uh, I'm gonna go full boomer and say use lots of emojis. Nice. Nice lots of like colon p and you know
Hmm, you know tongue. I don't I miss a motocons. I hate emojis. Me too. I wish they would not
Auto convert as off tribes mean nuts. They have more emotion
Yeah
How are you liking your pebble? Do you plan on paying the $3 monthly fee for rebels voice transcription and weather services?
I still haven't taken the 10 minutes to figure out how rebel works and side load the pebble app
So I've actually just been wearing it ornamentally
I will get around to it at some point
I'm pretty sure watches are just fashion accessories at this point
Um, I think I think nick like seriously uses his but he's the only person I know that does
Ethan honestly, I don't know what to tell you other than that. It's really tough sometimes
I just get distracted and stuff languages
um
Are there any other companies you draw inspiration from in conducting business?
Most are kind of sucky
Knocktula is a big one. I like their I like their philosophy when it comes to
Only releasing products when they're ready
Are there any that you draw inspiration from?
um
honestly
No, it's kind of hard to get inspiration for the type of stuff that
we do
um
When like everyone in the space is chasing VC money and buyouts, I mean you could say the opposite
They're inspiring because they're doing bad and you want to do what they're not doing bad though
No, I would say they're doing bad. I am. I know a lot of people that are doing great
Following models that aren't ours third line. This is you know, they're sucky as he said. Yeah, maybe
Last one. I swiped away a thing. Um, have you ever heard of the black mages?
It's a metal rock band that covers final fantasy soundtrack. I'm sure Conrad has I haven't I'm afraid
Uh thoughts on a motherboard throw cover for couches with the cp. Pill. Yeah, we wanted to do a blanket
But all the samples we got were awful. So we didn't
And that was that
Um glad you like your shirt travis
Show archive. I can't do anything with that one for some reason. Oh, and it's gone
Uh, do you have any plans on making a mask for the windbreaker to protect your face against rain and wind?
No, I can't say that ever occurred to me probably not any time soon and
Hey, are you gonna be on time for your thing? Yeah
Thanks for tuning in we'll see you again next week same bad time same bad channel. Bye
Oh
Like the composer of like most of the oh well, yeah, that's cool. It's not just like random
Okay, and we're up
Go away from this
Okay